==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= right
|1900|270
|1910|382
|1920|630
|1930|299
|1940|352
|1950|229
|1960|203
|1970|113
|1980|93
|1990|89
|2000|88
|2010|89
|2020|43
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=[http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 43 people, 25 households, and 18 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 200.9 inhabitants per square mile (77.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 31 housing units at an average density of 144.9 per square mile (55.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 88.4% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 2.3% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 9.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 2.3% of the population.

Of the 25 households, 28.0% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% were cohabitating couples, 16.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 32.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 28.0% of all households were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 4.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 55.5 years. 11.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 0.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 18.6% were from 25 and 44; 32.6% were from 45 and 64; and 37.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 89 people, 42 households, and 27 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|404.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|231.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 42 households, of which 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.7% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the city was 47.5 years. 18% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.1% were from 25 to 44; 37.2% were from 45 to 64; and 20.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.9% male and 46.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 88 people, 39 households, and 24 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|408.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|246.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.14% from two or more races.

There were 39 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were married couples living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 27.3% from 45 to 64, and 20.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $40,000, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $25,833 versus $25,833 for females. The per capita income for the city was $14,749. There were 18.5% of families and 17.0% of the population living below the poverty line, including 28.0% of under eighteens and 10.0% of those over 64.

