=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= right
|1900|270
|1910|382
|1920|630
|1930|299
|1940|352
|1950|229
|1960|203
|1970|113
|1980|93
|1990|89
|2000|88
|2010|89
|2020|43
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=[http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Rathbun had a population of 43, including 18 families.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A65730&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A65730&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 200.9 inhabitants per square mile (77.6/km<sup>2</sup>), and there were 31 housing units at an average density of 144.9 per square mile (55.9/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age was 55.5 years. 9.3% of residents were under the age of 18 and 37.2% were 65 years of age or older. 11.6% of residents were under age 20, 0.0% were between ages 20 and 24, 18.6% were from ages 25 to 44, and 32.6% were from ages 45 to 64. For every 100 females there were 104.8 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 105.3 males age 18 and over; the city's sex makeup was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL"/>

There were 25 households, of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living in them. Of all households, 48.0% were married-couple households, 4.0% were cohabiting-couple households, 32.0% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 16.0% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. 28.0% of all households were non-families, 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas. Of all housing units, 19.4% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A65730&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 38 || 88.4%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 1 || 2.3%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 4 || 9.3%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 1 || 2.3%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 89 people, 42 households, and 27 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|404.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|231.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 42 households, of which 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.7% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the city was 47.5 years. 18% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.1% were from 25 to 44; 37.2% were from 45 to 64; and 20.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.9% male and 46.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 88 people, 39 households, and 24 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|408.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|246.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.14% from two or more races.

There were 39 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were married couples living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 27.3% from 45 to 64, and 20.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $40,000, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $25,833 versus $25,833 for females. The per capita income for the city was $14,749. There were 18.5% of families and 17.0% of the population living below the poverty line, including 28.0% of under eighteens and 10.0% of those over 64.
