=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|280
|1910|174
|1920|164
|1930|175
|1940|171
|1950|148
|1960|147
|1970|121
|1980|144
|1990|128
|2000|131
|2010|93
|2020|84
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 84 people, 38 households, and 26 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 82.9 inhabitants per square mile (32.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 42 housing units at an average density of 41.5 per square mile (16.0/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A63615&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A63615&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A63615&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Among households, 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living in them. Of all households, 50.0% were married-couple households, 13.2% were cohabitating couples, 13.2% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 23.7% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. 31.6% of households were non-families, 26.3% were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of housing units, 9.5% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 8.3% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age was 46.5 years. 16.7% of residents were under the age of 18, 21.4% were under the age of 20, 3.6% were between the ages of 20 and 24, 22.6% were from 25 to 44, 27.4% were from 45 to 64, and 25.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.0% male and 44.0% female. For every 100 females there were 127.0 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 125.8 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 75 || 89.3%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 1 || 1.2%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 5 || 6.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 3 || 3.6%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 2 || 2.4%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 93 people, 41 households, and 31 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|91.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|46.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 41 households, of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.4% were non-families. 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.61.

The median age in the city was 45.5 years. 16.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.9% were from 25 to 44; 32.3% were from 45 to 64; and 18.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.7% male and 47.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 131 people, 52 households, and 39 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|129.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|56.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 52 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 19.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 9.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,125, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $26,750 versus $20,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,282. There were 24.3% of families and 25.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 50.0% of under eighteens and 20.0% of those over 64.
