==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|175
|1920|200
|1930|184
|1940|202
|1950|166
|1960|143
|1970|129
|1980|108
|1990|119
|2000|98
|2010|79
|2020|81
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 81 people, 39 households, and 23 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 41.1 inhabitants per square mile (15.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 39 housing units at an average density of 19.8 per square mile (7.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 93.8% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1.2% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 1.2% from other races and 3.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.2% of the population.

Of the 39 households, 35.9% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.9% were cohabitating couples, 30.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 23.1% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 41.0% of all households were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 42.3 years. 27.2% of the residents were under the age of 20; 1.2% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 25.9% were from 25 and 44; 24.7% were from 45 and 64; and 21.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 79 people, 38 households, and 19 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|39.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|22.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 38 households, of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 47.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 40.3 years. 25.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.1% were from 45 to 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 98 people, 39 households, and 28 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|49.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of 23.8 per square mile (9.2/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 39 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.07.

24.5% are under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 29.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 122.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 117.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,375, and the median income for a family was $44,000. Males had a median income of $27,083 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,746. There were no families and 0.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 16.7% of those over 64.

