=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|175
|1920|200
|1930|184
|1940|202
|1950|166
|1960|143
|1970|129
|1980|108
|1990|119
|2000|98
|2010|79
|2020|81
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 81 people, 39 households, and 23 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A65505&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A65505&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A65505&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

The [[population density]] was 41.1 inhabitants per square mile (15.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 39 housing units at an average density of 19.8 per square mile (7.6/km<sup>2</sup>). Of the housing units, 0.0% were vacant; the homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the 39 households, 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Of all households, 28.2% were [[Marriage|married-couple households]], 17.9% were cohabitating couples, 30.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present, and 23.1% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. About 41.0% of all households were non-families, 25.6% were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age in the city was 42.3 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18 and 21.0% were 65 years of age or older. 27.2% of residents were under the age of 20; 1.2% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 25.9% were from 25 to 44; and 24.7% were from 45 to 64. The gender makeup of the city was 49.4% male and 50.6% female. For every 100 females there were 97.6 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 103.2 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 76 || 93.8%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 1 || 1.2%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 1 || 1.2%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 3 || 3.7%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 1 || 1.2%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 79 people, 38 households, and 19 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|39.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|22.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 38 households, of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 47.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 40.3 years. 25.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.1% were from 45 to 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 98 people, 39 households, and 28 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|49.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of 23.8 per square mile (9.2/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 39 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.07.

24.5% are under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 29.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 122.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 117.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,375, and the median income for a family was $44,000. Males had a median income of $27,083 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,746. There were no families and 0.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 16.7% of those over 64.
