=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= US
|align= left
|1900|94
|1910|118
|1920|94
|1930|103
|1940|112
|1950|104
|1960|103
|1970|89
|1980|109
|1990|92
|2000|83
|2010|87
|2020|74
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-28}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Matlock had a population of 74, including 33 households and 26 families. The [[population density]] was 195.7 inhabitants per square mile (75.5/km<sup>2</sup>), and there were 33 housing units at an average density of 87.3 per square mile (33.7/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A50385&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A50385&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

The median age in the city was 49.5 years. 18.9% of residents were under the age of 18. 10.8% were between the ages of 20 and 24, 14.9% were from 25 to 44, 39.2% were from 45 to 64, and 16.2% were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females, there were 80.5 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 87.5 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the city's households, 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% were cohabitating couples, 24.2% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present, and 12.1% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 21.2% of households were non-families, 18.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Housing vacancy was 0.0%. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/> All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A50385&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 73 || 98.6%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 1 || 1.4%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 87 people, 34 households, and 24 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|235.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|94.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 34 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.4% were non-families. 17.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the city was 44.2 years. 25.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.7% were from 25 to 44; 29.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.2% male and 44.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 83 people, 33 households, and 26 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|219.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|92.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 33 households, out of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 78.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 21.2% were non-families. 18.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 38.6% from 25 to 44, 18.1% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 121.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,750, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,448. There were 4.0% of families and 11.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 17.4% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.
