=== Demographics ===
{{US Census population
|1910= 147
|1920= 234
|1930= 191
|1940= 152
|1950= 127
|1960= 92
|1970= 93
|1980= 92
|1990= 72
|2000= 61
|2010= 55
|2020= 40
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>
| align = right
| align-fn = center
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 40 people, 15 households, and 11 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 82.3 inhabitants per square mile (31.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The median age was 55.5 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 20; 10.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 10.0% were from 25 to 44; 35.0% were from 45 to 64; and 22.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.0% male and 45.0% female. For every 100 females there were 122.2 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 121.4 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A60420&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A60420&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A60420&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

There were 15 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Of all households, 60.0% were married-couple households, 6.7% were cohabitating-couple households, 13.3% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present, and 20.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 26.7% of households were non-families. About 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 19 housing units at an average density of 39.1 per square mile (15.1/km<sup>2</sup>), of which 21.1% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 6.7% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 38 || 95.0%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 2 || 5.0%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 2 || 5.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 55 people, 23 households, and 17 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|96.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|45.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 9.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.6% of the population.

There were 23 households, of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.1% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.65.

The median age in the city was 44.8 years. 29.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.1% were from 25 to 44; 30.9% were from 45 to 64; and 18.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 61 people, 24 households, and 19 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|107.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|54.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 24 households, out of which 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.8% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.1% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 9.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,000, and the median income for a family was $34,000. Males had a median income of $25,714 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,525. There were no families and 3.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 33.3% of those over 64.
