=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|132
|1910|142
|1920|138
|1930|137
|1940|109
|1950|105
|1960|103
|1970|98
|1980|79
|1990|89
|2000|80
|2010|73
|2020|80
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=US Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=March 29, 2020}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Kinross had a population of 80 people, with 24 households and 17 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 423.6 inhabitants per square mile (163.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 30 housing units at an average density of 158.9 per square mile (61.3/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A41475&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A41475&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A41475&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 24 households, 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Of all households, 45.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% were cohabitating couples, 20.8% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present, and 16.7% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present. About 29.2% of households were non-families, 29.2% were made up of individuals, and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 30 housing units, of which 20.0% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 11.5% and the rental vacancy rate was 66.7%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age was 34.3 years. 32.5% of residents were under the age of 18 and 15.0% were 65 years of age or older. 33.8% of residents were under the age of 20, 2.5% were from 20 to 24, 25.0% were from 25 to 44, and 23.8% were from 45 to 64. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female. For every 100 females, there were 105.1 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 100.0 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 72 || 90.0%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 1 || 1.2%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 7 || 8.8%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 1 || 1.2%
|}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=May 11, 2012}}</ref> there were 73 people, 32 households and 19 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|365.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|185.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 32 households, of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.6% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age was 44.5 years. 24.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.4% were from 25 to 44; 41.1% were from 45 to 64; and 8.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender make-up was 53.4% male and 46.6% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 80 people, 31 households and 18 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|416.5|/sqmi}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|203.1|/sqmi}}. The racial make-up was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 31 households, of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.9% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.33.

32.5% were under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 31.3% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 8.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males.

The [[median household income]] was $31,563 and the median family income as $33,750. Males had a median income of $20,833 and females $18,750. The [[per capita income]] was $12,625. 14.3% of families and 11.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.
