==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|110
|1890|168
|1900|218
|1910|239
|1920|199
|1930|225
|1940|246
|1950|227
|1960|195
|1970|171
|1980|181
|1990|160
|2000|149
|2010|116
|2020|91
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the 2020 [[Census]],<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Wiota_city,_Iowa?g=1600000US1986610 |access-date=2022-12-06 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> the total population was 91 people. The population density was 284.3 people per square mile, spread over 0.32 miles. Of those 91 people, the median age was 67.8 years old, with no one under the age of 18, 42.5% between the ages of 18 and 64, and 57.5% of the population over the age of 65. There were a total of 51 households, with an average of 1.92 people per household.

52% of the town's population was male, with 48% of the population female. The racial makeup of the town was 97.8% White and the remaining 2.2% were Hispanic.

The average income per capita of Wiota was $35,568, which is higher than the state average, and the median household income was $63,466 slightly higher than the rest of the state. With no poverty in the town.

83.9% of the population of the town is identified as currently married.

98.9% of the Wiota population has received a high school degree, which is 6.3 percentage points higher than the rest of the state. Wiota has a lower-than-average percentage of the population having received college degrees, with only 10.5% of the town's population having received a bachelor’s degree compared to the state average of 30.5%.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Census profile: Wiota, IA |url=http://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US1986610-wiota-ia/ |access-date=2022-12-06 |website=Census Reporter |language=en}}</ref>

23% of the town's population were veterans.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 116 people, 59 households, and 35 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|362.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 78 housing units at an average density of {{convert|243.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.9% from two or more races.

There were 59 households, of which 13.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.7% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.37.

The median age in the city was 50 years. 12.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.2% were from 25 to 44; 40.6% were from 45 to 64; and 24.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.8% male and 42.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 149 people, 67 households, and 44 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|469.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|252.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 67 households, out of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.3% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.59.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 125.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 118.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,167, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $20,250 versus $19,792 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,994. There were 16.3% of families and 20.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 29.6% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

