=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|110
|1890|168
|1900|218
|1910|239
|1920|199
|1930|225
|1940|246
|1950|227
|1960|195
|1970|171
|1980|181
|1990|160
|2000|149
|2010|116
|2020|91
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Wiota had a population of 91. The median age was 59.3 years. 4.4% of residents were under the age of 18 and 30.8% were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females there were 116.7 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 112.2 males.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A86610&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A86610&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

The population density was 284.3 people per square mile over 0.32 square miles of land area.<ref name="CensusProfile2020">{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Wiota_city,_Iowa?g=1600000US1986610 |access-date=2022-12-06 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A86610&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

There were 46 households in Wiota, of which 15.2% had children under the age of 18 living in them. Of all households, 50.0% were married-couple households, 32.6% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 17.4% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. About 39.1% of all households were made up of individuals and 23.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/> The average household size was 1.92 people per household.<ref name="CensusProfile2020"/>

There were 59 housing units, of which 22.0% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 12.5%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 89 || 97.8%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 1 || 1.1%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 1 || 1.1%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 2 || 2.2%
|}

===Demographic estimates===
The average income per capita of Wiota was $35,568, which is higher than the state average. The median household income was $63,466, slightly higher than the rest of the state, and no residents were reported as living in poverty. In the town, 83.9% of the population was identified as currently married. Veterans made up 23% of the population.

In educational attainment, 98.9% of the population had received a high school degree, 6.3 percentage points higher than the rest of the state. Wiota had a lower-than-average share of residents with college degrees, with 10.5% of the population having received a bachelor's degree, compared with the state average of 30.5%.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Census profile: Wiota, IA |url=http://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US1986610-wiota-ia/ |access-date=2022-12-06 |website=Census Reporter |language=en}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 116 people, 59 households, and 35 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|362.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 78 housing units at an average density of {{convert|243.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.9% from two or more races.

There were 59 households, of which 13.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.7% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.37.

The median age in the city was 50 years. 12.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.2% were from 25 to 44; 40.6% were from 45 to 64; and 24.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.8% male and 42.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 149 people, 67 households, and 44 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|469.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|252.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 67 households, out of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.3% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.59.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 125.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 118.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,167, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $20,250 versus $19,792 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,994. There were 16.3% of families and 20.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 29.6% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.
