==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2020= 51
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016|archive-date=February 28, 2022|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220228083025/https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
Augusta's population was 163 in 1902,<ref>{{Cite book |url=https://books.google.com/books?id=9AzrWecxN1wC |title=Cram's Modern Atlas: The New Unrivaled New Census Edition |date=1902 |publisher=J. R. Gray & Company |pages=203–207 |language=en}}</ref> and 110 in 1925.<ref>{{Cite book |url=https://books.google.com/books?id=WqRRAQAAMAAJ |title=Premier Atlas of the World: Containing Maps of All Countries of the World, with the Most Recent Boundary Decisions, and Maps of All the States, territories, and Possessions of the United States with Population Figures from the Latest Official Census Reports, Also Data of Interest Concerning International and Domestic Political Questions |date=1925 |publisher=Rand McNally & Company |pages=190 |language=en}}</ref> The population was 87 in 1940.<ref>{{Cite book |url=https://books.google.com/books?id=ZTcjAQAAMAAJ |title=The Attorneys List |publisher=United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company, Attorney List Department |year=1940 |page=293 |language=en}}</ref>

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=October 24, 2024 |archive-date=October 9, 2024 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20241009151602/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |url-status=live }}</ref> there were 51 people, 29 households, and 21 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 68.1 inhabitants per square mile (26.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 32 housing units at an average density of 42.7 per square mile (16.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 100.0% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 0.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.0% of the population.

Of the 29 households, 31.0% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.2% were cohabitating couples, 13.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 17.2% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 27.6% of all households were non-families. 13.8% of all households were made up of individuals, 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 53.8 years. 7.8% of the residents were under the age of 20; 11.8% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 19.6% were from 25 and 44; 25.5% were from 45 and 64; and 35.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 64.7% male and 35.3% female.
{{clear}}

