=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|266
|1910|250
|1920|300
|1930|174
|1940|161
|1950|195
|1960|120
|1970|112
|1980|91
|1990|68
|2000|54
|2010|41
|2020|28
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Jolley had a population of 28, with 12 households and 8 families.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A39900&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A39900&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 322.8 inhabitants per square mile (124.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 24 housing units at an average density of 276.7 per square mile (106.8/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/> All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A39900&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

The median age was 64.0 years. 7.1% of residents were under the age of 18 and 50.0% were 65 years of age or older. 10.7% of residents were under the age of 20; 0.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 25.0% were from 25 to 44; and 14.3% were from 45 to 64. For every 100 females there were 100.0 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 100.0 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the 12 households, 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Of all households, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married-couple households]], 8.3% were cohabiting-couple households, 16.7% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present, and 16.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 33.3% of households were non-families. About 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the 24 housing units, 50.0% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 7.1% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 28 || 100.0%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 1 || 3.6%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 41 people, 21 households, and 12 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|341.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|275.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.9% of the population.

There were 21 households, of which 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.9% were non-families. 42.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.58.

The median age in the city was 49.6 years. 14.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.6% were from 25 to 44; 51.2% were from 45 to 64; and 12.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 61.0% male and 39.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 54 people, 28 households, and 12 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|469.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|338.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.85% of the population.

There were 28 households, out of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 53.6% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.93 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 11.1% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 27.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 134.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 121.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,286, and the median income for a family was $48,125. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $23,268. There were 18.2% of families and 12.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 33.3% of those over 64.
