==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|186
|1920|214
|1930|151
|1940|137
|1950|96
|1960|76
|1970|71
|1980|75
|1990|76
|2000|58
|2010|47
|2020|28
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 28 people, 12 households, and 11 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 101.5 inhabitants per square mile (39.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 19 housing units at an average density of 68.9 per square mile (26.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 0.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.0% of the population.

Of the 12 households, 41.7% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.0% were cohabitating couples, 25.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 25.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 8.3% of all households were non-families. 8.3% of all households were made up of individuals, 0.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 51.0 years. 14.3% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.6% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 25.0% were from 25 and 44; 28.6% were from 45 and 64; and 28.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 64.3% male and 35.7% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 47 people, 21 households, and 13 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|146.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|81.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 21 households, of which 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.1% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.46.

The median age in the city was 41.5 years. 21.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.4% were from 25 to 44; 17% were from 45 to 64; and 31.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.4% male and 42.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 58 people, 21 households, and 17 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|183.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 24 housing units at an average density of {{convert|75.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.45% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.45% of the population.

There were 21 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.0% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 34.5% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,688, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $7,294. There were 16.7% of families and 15.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

