=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|186
|1920|214
|1930|151
|1940|137
|1950|96
|1960|76
|1970|71
|1980|75
|1990|76
|2000|58
|2010|47
|2020|28
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Udell had a population of 28. There were 12 households and 11 families residing in the city. The median age was 51.0 years. 14.3% of residents were under the age of 18 and 28.6% of residents were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females there were 180.0 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 140.0 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A79410&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

The [[population density]] was 101.5 inhabitants per square mile (39.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 19 housing units at an average density of 68.9 per square mile (26.6/km<sup>2</sup>). Of the 19 housing units, 36.8% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the 12 households, 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Of all households, 50.0% were married-couple households, 0.0% were cohabitating couple households, 25.0% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 25.0% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. About 8.3% of households were non-families, 8.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 0.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

In the city, 14.3% of residents were under the age of 20, 3.6% were from 20 to 24, 25.0% were from 25 to 44, 28.6% were from 45 to 64, and 28.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 64.3% male and 35.7% female.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A79410&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A79410&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 28 || 100.0%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 47 people, 21 households, and 13 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|146.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|81.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 21 households, of which 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.1% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.46.

The median age in the city was 41.5 years. 21.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.4% were from 25 to 44; 17% were from 45 to 64; and 31.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.4% male and 42.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 58 people, 21 households, and 17 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|183.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 24 housing units at an average density of {{convert|75.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.45% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.45% of the population.

There were 21 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.0% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 34.5% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,688, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $7,294. There were 16.7% of families and 15.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.
