=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical Populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1860|178
|1870|183
|1880|196
|1890|275
|1900|355
|1910|315
|1920|208
|1930|221
|1940|253
|1950|204
|1960|185
|1970|161
|1980|150
|1990|133
|2000|127
|2010|102
|2020|75
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Unionville had 75 residents and 37 households.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A79680&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A79680&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> There were 23 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020Main">{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 99.2 inhabitants per square mile (38.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 49 housing units at an average density of 64.8 per square mile (25.0/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020Main"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A79680&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 37 households, 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% were cohabitating couples, 13.5% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present, and 37.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. About 37.8% of households were non-families, 32.4% were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age was 49.8 years. 18.7% of residents were under the age of 20, and 32.0% were 65 years of age or older. 18.7% of residents were under the age of 18. 5.3% of residents were between the ages of 20 and 24, 21.3% were from 25 to 44, and 22.7% were from 45 to 64. The gender makeup of the city was 45.3% male and 54.7% female. For every 100 females, there were 82.9 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 84.8 males.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 49 housing units, of which 24.5% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 72 || 96.0%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 1 || 1.3%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 2 || 2.7%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 1 || 1.3%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 102 people, 49 households, and 29 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|136.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|80.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.9% of the population.

There were 49 households, of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.8% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.66.

The median age in the city was 51.8 years. 17.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.6% were from 25 to 44; 40.2% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 127 people, 50 households, and 38 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|170.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|91.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 50 households, out of which 38.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.0% were married couples living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.0% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 24.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,333, and the median income for a family was $44,375. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,856. There were 9.1% of families and 11.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 22.2% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.
