=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|123
|1890|744
|1900|732
|1910|501
|1920|666
|1930|594
|1940|558
|1950|550
|1960|560
|1970|505
|1980|511
|1990|548
|2000|507
|2010|471
|2020|96
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Pacific Junction had a population of 96, with 41 households and 33 families residing in the city. The median age was 52.0 years. Age distribution was 26.0% under age 20, 0.0% from 20 to 24, 15.6% from 25 to 44, 37.5% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% age 65 or older. 26.0% of residents were under the age of 18 and 20.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 108.8 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A60825&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A60825&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A60825&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 41 households, 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living in them. Of all households, 58.5% were married-couple households, 7.3% were cohabiting-couple households, 19.5% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 14.6% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. About 19.5% of all households were non-families, 17.1% were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 151 housing units, of which 72.8% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 33.3%. The [[population density]] was 126.8 inhabitants per square mile (49.0/km<sup>2</sup>), and there were 151 housing units at an average density of 199.5 per square mile (77.0/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 92 || 95.8%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 1 || 1.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 3 || 3.1%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 471 people, 196 households, and 138 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|619.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 208 housing units at an average density of {{convert|273.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 196 households, of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.6% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the city was 45.1 years. 18.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 36.5% were from 45 to 64; and 13.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
During the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 507 people, 196 households, and 148 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|665.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 210 housing units at an average density of {{convert|275.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.59% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.39% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.78% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.99% of the population.

There were 196 households, out of which 33.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were married couples living together, 14.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.0% were non-families. 18.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.91.

24.9% are under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 26.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,563, and the median income for a family was $40,333. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $25,089 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,103. About 5.6% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.9% of those under age 18 and 2.3% of those age 65 or over.
