=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1920|153
|1930|163
|1940|126
|1950|112
|1960|122
|1970|71
|1980|96
|1990|78
|2000|70
|2010|50
|2020|54
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 54 people, 28 households, and 21 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A81120&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A81120&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 97.6 inhabitants per square mile (37.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 28 housing units at an average density of 50.6 per square mile (19.5/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age in the city was 54.0 years. 16.7% of residents were under the age of 18 and 33.3% were 65 years of age or older. By broader age group, 16.7% of residents were under the age of 20; 5.6% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 16.7% were from 25 and 44; and 27.8% were from 45 and 64. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female. For every 100 females there were 100.0 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 95.7 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A81120&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 28 households, 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were married-couple households, 7.1% were cohabiting-couple households, 32.1% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present, and 17.9% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present. About 25.0% of all households were non-families, 25.0% were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 28 housing units, of which 0.0% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 51 || 94.4%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 3 || 5.6%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 2 || 3.7%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 50 people, 24 households, and 16 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|87.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 30 housing units at an average density of {{convert|52.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 10.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 24 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.56.

The median age in the city was 50.5 years. 18% of residents were under the age of 18; 2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22% were from 25 to 44; 42% were from 45 to 64; and 16% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.0% male and 48.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 70 people, 30 households, and 21 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|121.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|62.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.43% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 30 households, out of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.7% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 14.3% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 35.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $42,917, and the median income for a family was $43,333. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,458. There were no families and 2.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.
