=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|174
|1910|199
|1920|203
|1930|202
|1940|211
|1950|175
|1960|130
|1970|156
|1980|140
|1990|112
|2000|109
|2010|102
|2020|76
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], St. Anthony had 76 people, 34 households, and 21 families. The [[population density]] was 124.0 inhabitants per square mile (47.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 42 housing units at an average density of 68.5 per square mile (26.5/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A69780&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A69780&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

The median age was 47.0 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 20, including 18.4% under the age of 18. 6.6% were between the ages of 20 and 24, 18.4% were from 25 to 44, 31.6% were from 45 to 64, and 19.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup was 59.2% male and 40.8% female. For every 100 females there were 145.2 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 148.0 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 34 households, of which 20.6% had children under the age of 18 living in them. Of all households, 35.3% were married-couple households, 5.9% were cohabiting-couple households, 41.2% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 17.6% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. About 38.2% of households were non-families, 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the 42 housing units, 19.0% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 44.4%. All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A69780&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 68 || 89.5%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 1 || 1.3%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 7 || 9.2%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 5 || 6.6%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 102 people, 40 households, and 27 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|182.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|89.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.9% of the population.

There were 40 households, of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 12.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.5% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 35 years. 28.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.4% were from 25 to 44; 33.3% were from 45 to 64; and 6.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.9% male and 46.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 109 people, 44 households, and 28 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|194.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{convert|92.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.92% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.92% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.83% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.92% of the population.

There were 44 households, out of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 11.0% from 18 to 24, 35.8% from 25 to 44, 15.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,625, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,218. There were 7.9% of families and 13.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 15.4% of under eighteens and 5.3% of those over 64.
