=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1920|70
|1930|57
|1940|79
|1950|57
|1960|76
|1970|96
|1980|80
|1990|69
|2000|62
|2010|57
|2020|39
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 39 people, 15 households, and 10 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A80175&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A80175&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 792.4 inhabitants per square mile (306.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 22 housing units at an average density of 447.0 per square mile (172.6/km<sup>2</sup>). All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A80175&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

The median age in the city was 47.3 years. 15.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.6% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 17.9% were from 25 to 44; 51.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.3% male and 48.7% female. For every 100 females there were 105.3 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 106.2 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 15 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living in them. Of all households, 53.3% were married-couple households, 6.7% were cohabitating couples, 20.0% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 20.0% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. 33.3% of all households were non-families. About 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the 22 housing units, 31.8% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 6.3% and the rental vacancy rate was 100.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 36 || 92.3%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 2 || 5.1%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 1 || 2.6%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 1 || 2.6%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 57 people, 22 households, and 14 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1140.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|520.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 22 households, of which 22.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.29.

The median age in the city was 43.5 years. 26.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.9% were from 25 to 44; 28.1% were from 45 to 64; and 19.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.1% male and 43.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 62 people, 24 households, and 19 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,394.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|629.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.61% from two or more races.

There were 24 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 20.8% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 3.2% from 18 to 24, 37.1% from 25 to 44, 29.0% from 45 to 64, and 4.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 121.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,938, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $23,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,365. There were no families and 1.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.
