=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|85
|1890|214
|1900|311
|1910|269
|1920|289
|1930|272
|1940|246
|1950|200
|1960|129
|1970|111
|1980|91
|1990|119
|2000|78
|2010|82
|2020|63
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Redding had a population of 63, with 34 households and 22 families. All residents lived in rural areas. The [[population density]] was 63.7 inhabitants per square mile (24.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 36 housing units at an average density of 36.4 per square mile (14.0/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A66000&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A66000&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A66000&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 34 households, 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.1% were married-couple households, 11.8% were cohabiting-couple households, 11.8% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 32.4% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. 35.3% of households were non-families, 32.4% were one-person households, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. Of the 36 housing units, 5.6% were vacant; the homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age was 56.5 years. 25.4% of residents were under the age of 20; 3.2% were from 20 to 24; 12.7% were from 25 to 44; 28.6% were from 45 to 64; and 30.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.4% male and 55.6% female. For every 100 females there were 80.0 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 95.8 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 60 || 95.2%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 1 || 1.6%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 2 || 3.2%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 82 people, 37 households, and 21 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|82.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|42.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 37 households, of which 21.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.2% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the city was 51.5 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.7% were from 25 to 44; 36.6% were from 45 to 64; and 20.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 78 people, 35 households, and 24 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|77.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|40.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 35 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.4% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.9% under the age of 18, 3.8% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 34.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $13,750, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $24,375 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,144. There were 22.2% of families and 30.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 15.8% of under eighteens and 40.0% of those over 64.
