==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|282
|1920|250
|1930|207
|1940|176
|1950|133
|1960|168
|1970|147
|1980|150
|1990|129
|2000|104
|2010|127
|2020|99
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|newspaper=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 99 people, 47 households, and 33 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 302.7 inhabitants per square mile (116.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 51 housing units at an average density of 155.9 per square mile (60.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 0.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.0% of the population.

Of the 47 households, 27.7% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% were cohabitating couples, 12.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 25.5% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 29.8% of all households were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 45.1 years. 24.2% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 and 44; 27.3% were from 45 and 64; and 23.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 127 people, 55 households, and 36 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|384.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|172.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 55 households, of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.5% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the city was 40.5 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 32.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.5% male and 53.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 104 people, 49 households, and 32 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|315.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|166.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.96% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.81% of the population.

There were 49 households, out of which 18.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.42.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 14.4% under the age of 18, 18.3% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 26.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 67.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,000, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $30,313 versus $16,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,166. There were 3.0% of families and 5.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 15.4% of those over 64.

