=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|282
|1920|250
|1930|207
|1940|176
|1950|133
|1960|168
|1970|147
|1980|150
|1990|129
|2000|104
|2010|127
|2020|99
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|newspaper=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 99 people, 47 households, and 33 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A50205&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A50205&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The median age was 45.1 years. 24.2% of residents were under the age of 20 (including 21.2% under 18), 4.0% were from 20 to 24, 21.2% were from 25 to 44, 27.3% were from 45 to 64, and 23.2% were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females there were 98.0 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 110.8 males.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A50205&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 47 households, 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living in them. Of all households, 53.2% were married-couple households, 8.5% were cohabitating couple households, 25.5% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 12.8% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. About 29.8% of households were non-families; 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 51 housing units, of which 7.8% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 5.3% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/> The population density was 302.7 inhabitants per square mile (116.9/km<sup>2</sup>), and the housing unit density was 155.9 per square mile (60.2/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="cen2020"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 99 || 100.0%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 1 || 1.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 127 people, 55 households, and 36 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|384.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|172.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 55 households, of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.5% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the city was 40.5 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 32.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.5% male and 53.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 104 people, 49 households, and 32 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|315.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|166.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.96% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.81% of the population.

There were 49 households, out of which 18.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.42.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 14.4% under the age of 18, 18.3% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 26.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 67.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,000, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $30,313 versus $16,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,166. There were 3.0% of families and 5.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 15.4% of those over 64.
