==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 40
|2020= 33
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 33 people, 15 households, and 5 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 428.1 inhabitants per square mile (165.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 18 housing units at an average density of 233.5 per square mile (90.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 93.9% [[White Americans|White]], 3.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 3.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 3.0% of the population.

Of the 15 households, 6.7% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.0% were cohabitating couples, 20.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 26.7% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 66.7% of all households were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 26.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 44.5 years. 24.2% of the residents were under the age of 20; 0.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 27.3% were from 25 and 44; 33.3% were from 45 and 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 72.7% male and 27.3% female.

