=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1920|159
|1930|162
|1940|163
|1950|140
|1960|90
|1970|82
|1980|72
|1990|44
|2000|48
|2010|45
|2020|36
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Millerton had a population of 36 people in 12 households, including 10 families.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A52275&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A52275&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 123.4 inhabitants per square mile (47.6/km<sup>2</sup>), and all residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A52275&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 12 households, 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living in them. Of all households, 66.7% were married-couple households, 8.3% were cohabiting-couple households, 8.3% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present, and 16.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. Non-family households made up 16.7% of all households; 8.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 24 housing units at an average density of 82.3 per square mile (31.8/km<sup>2</sup>), of which 50.0% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 9.1% and the rental vacancy rate was 33.3%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL"/>

The median age was 49.5 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18 and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. 25.0% of residents were under the age of 20; 0.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 19.4% were from 25 to 44; and 36.1% were from 45 to 64. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female. For every 100 females there were 89.5 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 115.4 males.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 34 || 94.4%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 2 || 5.6%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 45 people, 18 households, and 10 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|214.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|123.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 18 households, of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.4% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.20.

The median age in the city was 40.3 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 20% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11% were from 25 to 44; 24.5% were from 45 to 64; and 22.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.7% male and 53.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 48 people, 22 households, and 10 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|230.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|134.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 22 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 54.5% were non-families. 54.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 40.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 3.60.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 65.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,286, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,650. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].
