=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1920|246
|1930|266
|1940|280
|1950|243
|1960|182
|1970|129
|1980|135
|1990|101
|2000|95
|2010|77
|2020|50
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 50 people, 29 households, and 18 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A63840&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A63840&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 89.3 inhabitants per square mile (34.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 36 housing units at an average density of 64.3 per square mile (24.8/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age in the city was 50.0 years. 28.0% of residents were under the age of 20; 8.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 12.0% were from 25 to 44; 28.0% were from 45 to 64; and 24.0% were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 111.8 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 29 households, of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Of all households, 31.0% were [[Marriage|married-couple]] households, 6.9% were cohabitating-couple households, 24.1% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present, and 37.9% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 37.9% of all households were non-families, 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 36 housing units, of which 19.4% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 4.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 40.0%. All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A63840&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 45 || 90.0%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 2 || 4.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 2 || 4.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 1 || 2.0%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 77 people, 34 households, and 20 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|142.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|81.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.3% from two or more races.

There were 34 households, of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. 38.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the city was 46.3 years. 24.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.2% were from 25 to 44; 32.5% were from 45 to 64; and 18.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 95 people, 43 households, and 30 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|174.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|92.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.05% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.05% from two or more races.

There were 43 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.8% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 21.1% from 25 to 44, 31.6% from 45 to 64, and 23.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,306, and the median income for a family was $30,625. Males had a median income of $25,750 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,241. There were 17.2% of families and 15.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 46.7% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.
