==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|127
|1920|121
|1930|112
|1940|95
|1950|90
|1960|68
|1970|45
|1980|38
|1990|36
|2000|28
|2010|29
|2020|22
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 22 people, 13 households, and 11 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 35.4 inhabitants per square mile (13.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 14 housing units at an average density of 22.5 per square mile (8.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 0.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.0% of the population.

Of the 13 households, 46.2% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.4% were cohabitating couples, 23.1% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 15.4% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 15.4% of all households were non-families. 15.4% of all households were made up of individuals, 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 49.5 years. 13.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 0.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 27.3% were from 25 and 44; 36.4% were from 45 and 64; and 22.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 59.1% male and 40.9% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 29 people in 12 households, including 10 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|46.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 15 housing units at an average density of {{convert|24.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 100.0% White.

Of the 12 households 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0% were married couples living together, 8.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 16.7% were non-families. 16.7% of households were one person and 8.3% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.60.

The median age was 42.5 years. 20.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 13.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24% were from 25 to 44; 20.5% were from 45 to 64; and 20.7% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 62.1% male and 37.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 28 people in 10 households, including 7 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|45.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 11 housing units at an average density of 17.7 per square mile (6.9/km{{sup|2}}). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 100.00% White.

Of the 10 households 50.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were married couples living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 20.0% of households were one person and 10.0% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.29.

The age distribution was 32.1% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 14.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% 65 or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The median income for a [[household]] in the city is $36,250, and the median family income  was $13,750. Males had a median income of $16,250 versus $11,875 for females. The per capita income for the city was $10,386. There were 50.0% of families and 42.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 55.6% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

