=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|127
|1920|121
|1930|112
|1940|95
|1950|90
|1960|68
|1970|45
|1980|38
|1990|36
|2000|28
|2010|29
|2020|22
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Maloy had a population of 22 people, with 13 households and 11 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A48675&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A48675&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 35.4 inhabitants per square mile (13.7/km<sup>2</sup>), and all residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A48675&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

There were 14 housing units at an average density of 22.5 per square mile (8.7/km<sup>2</sup>), of which 7.1% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the 13 households, 46.2% had children under the age of 18 living in them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married-couple households]], 15.4% were cohabiting-couple households, 23.1% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present, and 15.4% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. Non-families made up 15.4% of all households. About 15.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age was 49.5 years. Age distribution was 13.6% under the age of 20, 0.0% from 20 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 36.4% from 45 to 64, and 22.7% 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females, there were 144.4 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 171.4 males.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 22 || 100.0%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 29 people in 12 households, including 10 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|46.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 15 housing units at an average density of {{convert|24.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 100.0% White.

Of the 12 households 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 16.7% were non-families. 16.7% of households were one person and 8.3% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.60.

The median age was 42.5 years. 20.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 13.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24% were from 25 to 44; 20.5% were from 45 to 64; and 20.7% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 62.1% male and 37.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 28 people in 10 households, including 7 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|45.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 11 housing units at an average density of 17.7 per square mile (6.9/km{{sup|2}}). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 100.00% White.

Of the 10 households 50.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were married couples living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 20.0% of households were one person and 10.0% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.29.

The age distribution was 32.1% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 14.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% 65 or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The median income for a [[household]] in the city is $36,250, and the median family income  was $13,750. Males had a median income of $16,250 versus $11,875 for females. The per capita income for the city was $10,386. There were 50.0% of families and 42.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 55.6% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.
