=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1920|102
|1930|86
|1940|116
|1950|115
|1960|100
|1970|112
|1980|149
|1990|118
|2000|89
|2010|81
|2020|92
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Spragueville had a population of 92 people, with 38 households and 23 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A74460&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A74460&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 123.7 inhabitants per square mile (47.8/km<sup>2</sup>), and there were 44 housing units at an average density of 59.2 per square mile (22.8/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age was 36.0 years. 26.1% of residents were under the age of 18. By broader age groups, 28.3% of residents were under 20, 2.2% were from 20 to 24, 29.3% were from 25 to 44, 21.7% were from 45 to 64, and 18.5% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.4% male and 44.6% female. For every 100 females, there were 124.4 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 119.4 males.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the households, 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Of all households, 34.2% were [[Marriage|married-couple]] households, 5.3% were cohabiting-couple households, 23.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present, and 36.8% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. Non-families made up 39.5% of households. In addition, 31.6% of households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of housing units, 13.6% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%. All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A74460&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 88 || 95.7%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 4 || 4.3%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 3 || 3.3%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 81 people, 37 households, and 20 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|120.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|68.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 37 households, of which 21.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.9% were non-families. 40.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the city was 39.8 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.1% were from 25 to 44; 20.9% were from 45 to 64; and 19.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.8% male and 43.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 89 people, 42 households, and 29 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|133.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|64.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.12% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.25% of the population.

There were 42 households, out of which 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.53.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 15.7% under the age of 18, 13.5% from 18 to 24, 19.1% from 25 to 44, 27.0% from 45 to 64, and 24.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $24,688. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,906. There were 16.0% of families and 15.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 18.2% of under eighteens and 55.6% of those over 64.
