=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|117
|1900|164
|1910|200
|1920|266
|1930|177
|1940|180
|1950|130
|1960|103
|1970|62
|1980|75
|1990|58
|2000|37
|2010|49
|2020|32
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 32 people, 18 households, and 13 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A63570&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A63570&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 91.2 inhabitants per square mile (35.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 18 housing units at an average density of 51.3 per square mile (19.8/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A63570&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 18 households, 44.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.1% were married-couple households, 5.6% were cohabitating couples, 22.2% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 11.1% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. 27.8% of households were non-families. About 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 18 housing units, of which 0.0% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL"/>

The median age was 55.0 years. 15.6% of residents were under the age of 20, 6.2% were between the ages of 20 and 24, 21.9% were from 25 to 44, 34.4% were from 45 to 64, and 21.9% were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females there were 100.0 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 125.0 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 32 || 100.0%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 49 people, 18 households, and 14 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|140.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|74.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 18 households, of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.2% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the city was 34.5 years. 28.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 24.4% were from 45 to 64; and 20.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.1% male and 44.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 37 people, 20 households, and 12 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|107.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 24 housing units at an average density of {{convert|69.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 20 households, out of which 15.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.85 and the average family size was 2.42.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 10.8% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 13.5% from 25 to 44, 35.1% from 45 to 64, and 32.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 58 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $51,250, and the median income for a family was $54,375. Males had a median income of $51,250 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $29,231. There were no families and 12.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 16.7% of those over 64.
