=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|172
|1910|327
|1920|129
|1930|161
|1940|134
|1950|91
|1960|74
|1970|59
|1980|70
|1990|67
|2000|85
|2010|78
|2020|67
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Struble had a population of 67, with 26 households and 17 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A75945&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A75945&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 429.0 inhabitants per square mile (165.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The median age was 39.8 years. 29.9% of residents were under the age of 18. For every 100 females, there were 76.3 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 67.9 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The age distribution was 29.9% under the age of 20, 6.0% from 20 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% age 65 or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A75945&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 26 households, 38.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were married-couple households, 11.5% were cohabitating couples, 23.1% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 19.2% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. About 34.6% of households were non-families, 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 32 housing units at an average density of 204.9 per square mile (79.1/km<sup>2</sup>), of which 18.8% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 25.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 61 || 91.0%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 1 || 1.5%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 5 || 7.5%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 1 || 1.5%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 78 people, 33 households, and 20 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|487.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|218.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 84.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 10.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 14.1% of the population.

There were 33 households, of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.4% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.15.

The median age in the city was 41 years. 26.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.1% were from 25 to 44; 36% were from 45 to 64; and 11.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 85 people, 33 households, and 20 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|546.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|224.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.06% of the population.

There were 33 households, out of which 39.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.48.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 36.5% under the age of 18, 1.2% from 18 to 24, 36.5% from 25 to 44, 15.3% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 129.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,813, and the median income for a family was $45,833. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $21,042 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,423. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].
