=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1920|166
|1930|146
|1940|169
|1950|184
|1960|151
|1970|117
|1980|120
|1990|112
|2000|102
|2010|85
|2020|66
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===

As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Nemaha had a population of 66 people in 29 households, including 20 families. The [[population density]] was 782.8 inhabitants per square mile (302.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 34 housing units at an average density of 403.3 per square mile (155.7/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A55515&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A55515&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

The median age was 51.3 years. 28.8% of residents were under age 20, 1.5% were from 20 to 24, 18.2% were from 25 to 44, 28.8% were from 45 to 64, and 22.7% were 65 or older. The gender makeup was 53.0% male and 47.0% female. For every 100 females there were 112.9 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 113.6 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A55515&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 29 households, 20.7% had children under age 18. Of all households, 51.7% were married-couple households, 6.9% were cohabiting-couple households, 24.1% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present, and 17.2% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. About 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 31.0% were non-family households, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 34 housing units, of which 14.7% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 33.3%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 57 || 86.4%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 1 || 1.5%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 1 || 1.5%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 1 || 1.5%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 6 || 9.1%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 7 || 10.6%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 85 people, 33 households, and 23 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1214.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|514.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 88.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 7.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.9% of the population.

There were 33 households, of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.3% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the city was 39.5 years. 29.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.7% were from 25 to 44; 28.3% were from 45 to 64; and 11.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.5% male and 43.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 102 people, 42 households, and 25 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|637.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|275.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.98% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.96% from two or more races.

There were 42 households, out of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.1% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 24.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 131.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 120.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,708, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $28,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,997. There were 8.3% of families and 9.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.
