=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1920|79
|1930|118
|1940|109
|1950|95
|1960|95
|1970|93
|1980|77
|1990|78
|2000|73
|2010|68
|2020|78
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Tennant had a population of 78, with 36 households and 27 families. The median age was 52.0 years. The population density was 108.8 inhabitants per square mile (42.0/km<sup>2</sup>). All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A77430&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A77430&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A77430&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the residents, 20.5% were under the age of 18 and 26.9% were 65 years of age or older. By broader age groups, 24.4% of residents were under the age of 20, 2.6% were from 20 to 24, 14.1% were from 25 to 44, and 32.1% were from 45 to 64. For every 100 females there were 116.7 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 148.0 males. The gender makeup of the city was 53.8% male and 46.2% female.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the 36 households, 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were married-couple households, 8.3% were cohabitating couples, 13.9% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present, and 25.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. About 25.0% of households were non-families, 13.9% of households were made up of individuals, and 2.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 36 housing units at an average density of 50.2 per square mile (19.4/km<sup>2</sup>), of which 0.0% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 75 || 96.2%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 1 || 1.3%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 2 || 2.6%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 3 || 3.8%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 68 people, 33 households, and 23 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|95.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|50.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 33 households, of which 15.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.3% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.52.

The median age in the city was 52.8 years. 16.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.2% were from 25 to 44; 36.9% were from 45 to 64; and 29.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.4% male and 45.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 78 people, 34 households, and 24 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|102.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|44.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 32 households, out of which 15.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 21.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.67.

Age spread:  13.7% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 30.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there are 87.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,321, and the median income for a family was $40,417. Males had a median income of $30,938, females $21,250.. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,982. 1.7% of the population is below the poverty line, but no families are below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, none are under the age of 18 or of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.
