==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1940|66
|1950|118
|1960|110
|1970|338
|1980|291
|1990|288
|2000|203
|2010|122
|2020|95
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 95 people, 37 households, and 27 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 113.5 inhabitants per square mile (43.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 44 housing units at an average density of 52.6 per square mile (20.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 88.4% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 10.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 2.1% of the population.

Of the 37 households, 32.4% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.7% were cohabitating couples, 10.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 27.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 27.0% of all households were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 48.8 years. 20.0% of the residents were under the age of 20; 2.1% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 and 44; 28.4% were from 45 and 64; and 23.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.8% male and 43.2% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 122 people, 55 households, and 37 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|176.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|82.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 55 households, of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.7% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.59.

The median age in the city was 45.7 years. 19.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 35.3% were from 45 to 64; and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.3% male and 46.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 203 people, 85 households, and 54 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|324.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 95 housing units at an average density of {{convert|151.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.99% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.49% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.97% of the population.

There were 85 households, out of which 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 12.8% from 18 to 24, 34.0% from 25 to 44, 15.8% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,167, and the median income for a family was $31,667. Males had a median income of $24,375 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,700. About 8.6% of families and 14.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 18.2% of those 65 or over.

