=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1940|66
|1950|118
|1960|110
|1970|338
|1980|291
|1990|288
|2000|203
|2010|122
|2020|95
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Sageville had a population of 95 people, with 37 households and 27 families.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A69690&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A69690&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The median age was 48.8 years. 17.9% of residents were under the age of 18 and 23.2% were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females there were 131.7 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 143.8 males.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The [[population density]] was 113.5 inhabitants per square mile (43.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 44 housing units at an average density of 52.6 per square mile (20.3/km<sup>2</sup>). Of the 37 households, 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Of all households, 59.5% were married-couple households, 2.7% were cohabitating-couple households, 27.0% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 10.8% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. 27.0% of all households were non-families, 27.0% were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

24.2% of residents lived in urban areas, while 75.8% lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A69690&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of housing units, 15.9% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 33.3%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The age distribution was 20.0% under age 20, 2.1% from age 20 to 24, 26.3% from age 25 to 44, 28.4% from age 45 to 64, and 23.2% age 65 or older. The gender makeup was 56.8% male and 43.2% female.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 84 || 88.4%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 1 || 1.1%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 10 || 10.5%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 2 || 2.1%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 122 people, 55 households, and 37 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|176.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|82.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 55 households, of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.7% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.59.

The median age in the city was 45.7 years. 19.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 35.3% were from 45 to 64; and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.3% male and 46.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 203 people, 85 households, and 54 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|324.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 95 housing units at an average density of {{convert|151.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.99% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.49% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.97% of the population.

There were 85 households, out of which 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 12.8% from 18 to 24, 34.0% from 25 to 44, 15.8% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,167, and the median income for a family was $31,667. Males had a median income of $24,375 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,700. About 8.6% of families and 14.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 18.2% of those 65 or over.
