=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|203
|1910|180
|1920|204
|1930|183
|1940|185
|1950|131
|1960|92
|1970|72
|1980|95
|1990|98
|2000|76
|2010|64
|2020|56
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Kirkman had a population of 56 people, with 32 households and 23 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A41520&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A41520&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 221.9 inhabitants per square mile (85.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 35 housing units at an average density of 138.7 per square mile (53.6/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age was 60.0 years. 16.1% of residents were under the age of 18 and 42.9% were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females, there were 166.7 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 161.1 males.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 32 households, of which 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living in them. Of all households, 62.5% were married-couple households, 18.8% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, 6.3% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present, and 28.1% were non-families. About 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas. Of the city's housing units, 8.6% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0%, and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A41520&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 52 || 92.9%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 2 || 3.6%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 1 || 1.8%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 1 || 1.8%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 4 || 7.1%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 64 people, 33 households, and 23 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|228.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|132.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 33 households, of which 15.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.3% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.30.

The median age in the city was 56.5 years. 10.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11% were from 25 to 44; 56.3% were from 45 to 64; and 15.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.3% male and 43.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 76 people, 35 households, and 17&nbsp;families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|266.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|126.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.32% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.63% of the population.

There were 35 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.6% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 32.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100&nbsp;females there were 130.3&nbsp;males. For every 100&nbsp;females age&nbsp;18 and over, there were 118.5&nbsp;males.

The median income for a household in the city was $49,375, and the median income for a family was $55,000. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,941. There were 15.0% of families and 11.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 10.5% of under eighteens and 46.2% of those over&nbsp;64.
