=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|380
|1910|292
|1920|333
|1930|293
|1940|288
|1950|171
|1960|127
|1970|100
|1980|93
|1990|97
|2000|70
|2010|71
|2020|73
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-28}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Shannon City had a population of 73 people, with 29 households and 19 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A71940&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A71940&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 167.8 inhabitants per square mile (64.8/km<sup>2</sup>), and there were 37 housing units at an average density of 85.0 per square mile (32.8/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age in the city was 47.2 years. 16.4% of residents were under the age of 18, 19.2% were under the age of 20, 9.6% were between the ages of 20 and 24, 16.4% were from 25 to 44, 39.7% were from 45 to 64, and 15.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.4% male and 46.6% female. For every 100 females there were 114.7 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 117.9 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the 29 households, 41.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% were cohabitating couples, 10.3% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present, and 31.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 34.5% of households were non-families, 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 37 housing units, of which 21.6% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 19.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 13.3%. All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A71940&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 67 || 91.8%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 6 || 8.2%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 7 || 9.6%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 71 people, 35 households, and 19 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|173.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|100.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 35 households, of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 17.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.7% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.58.

The median age in the city was 44.3 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.7% were from 25 to 44; 29.6% were from 45 to 64; and 18.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 59.2% male and 40.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 70 people, 34 households, and 19 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|470.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|268.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.43% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.43% from two or more races.

There were 34 households, out of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.1% were non-families. 38.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.4% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 34.3% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 120.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,583, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $19,063 versus $16,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,554. There were 20.0% of families and 17.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 12.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.
