=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|116
|1890|165
|1900|176
|1910|173
|1920|207
|1930|173
|1940|161
|1950|169
|1960|139
|1970|136
|1980|146
|1990|125
|2000|97
|2010|94
|2020|98
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 98 people, 38 households, and 26 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A54165&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A54165&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The population density was 1,032.6 inhabitants per square mile (398.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 42 housing units at an average density of 442.5 per square mile (170.9/km<sup>2</sup>), of which 9.5% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age in the city was 43.5 years.<ref name="Census2020DP"/> 29.6% of residents were under the age of 18. Age distribution was 31.6% under the age of 20, 2.0% from 20 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 29.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% age 65 or older. For every 100 females, there were 108.5 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.9 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A54165&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of all households, 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.5% were married-couple households, 0.0% were cohabitating couples, 31.6% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 7.9% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. 31.6% of all households were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 93 || 94.9%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 5 || 5.1%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 3 || 3.1%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 94 people, 40 households, and 26 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|940.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|400.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 4.3% from two or more races.

There were 40 households, of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.0% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 40.5 years. 24.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 18.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.1% male and 47.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 97 people, 43 households, and 30 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|947.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|458.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.03% from two or more races.

There were 43 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 18.6% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 18.6% from 25 to 44, 34.0% from 45 to 64, and 22.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 142.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 146.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $21,500 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,538. There were no families and 11.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 16.0% of those over 64.
