=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1890|195
|1900|217
|1910|219
|1920|225
|1930|199
|1940|227
|1950|174
|1960|184
|1970|194
|1980|168
|1990|137
|2000|160
|2010|149
|2020|100
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Whitten had a population of 100 people, including 42 households and 31 families.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A85305&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A85305&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 201.2 inhabitants per square mile (77.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 57 housing units at an average density of 114.7 per square mile (44.3/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age was 43.3 years. 26.0% of residents were under the age of 20; 2.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 24.0% were from 25 to 44; 34.0% were from 45 to 64; and 14.0% were 65 years of age or older. 26.0% of residents were under the age of 18. The gender makeup of the city was 54.0% male and 46.0% female. For every 100 females there were 117.4 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 131.2 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the 42 households, 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were married-couple households, 14.3% were cohabitating couple households, 19.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present, and 19.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. Non-families made up 26.2% of households. About 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of housing units, 26.3% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 5.4% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%. All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A85305&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 94 || 94.0%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 1 || 1.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 2 || 2.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 3 || 3.0%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 4 || 4.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 149 people, 60 households, and 42 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|275.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 66 housing units at an average density of {{convert|122.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 3.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 60 households, of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.0% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 37.3 years. 28.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.1% were from 25 to 44; 32.3% were from 45 to 64; and 10.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 160 people, 56 households, and 43 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|293.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|115.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.25% from two or more races.

There were 56 households, out of which 42.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.2% were non-families. 19.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.8% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $42,656, and the median income for a family was $44,219. Males had a median income of $31,458 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,996. None of the families and 1.3% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 13.3% of those over 64.
