==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|181
|1920|188
|1930|182
|1940|173
|1950|147
|1960|130
|1970|106
|1980|114
|1990|116
|2000|98
|2010|89
|2020|72
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-28}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]<ref name=cen2020/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 72 people, 24 households, and 17 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 202.1 inhabitants per square mile (78.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 35 housing units at an average density of 98.3 per square mile (37.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 87.5% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 1.4% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 4.2% from other races and 6.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 12.5% of the population.

Of the 24 households, 20.8% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% were cohabitating couples, 33.3% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 12.5% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 29.2% of all households were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 40.5 years. 26.4% of the residents were under the age of 20; 1.4% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 and 44; 29.2% were from 45 and 64; and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.2% male and 45.8% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 89 people, 35 households, and 22 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|247.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|116.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.6% of the population.

There were 35 households, of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.1% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.23.

The [[median]] age in the city was 38.5 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 16.8% were from 45 to 64; and 20.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.2% male and 43.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 98 people, 39 households, and 26 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|270.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|132.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.02% from two or more races.

There were 39 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.9 males.

The median [[income]] for a household in the city was $26,042, and the median [[income]] for a family was $28,125. Males had a median [[income]] of $20,625 versus $12,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $8,779. There were 7.4% of families and 14.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 8.6% of under eighteens and 15.4% of those over 64.

