==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 43
|2020= 41
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 41 people, 22 households, and 11 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 42.1 inhabitants per square mile (16.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 23 housing units at an average density of 23.6 per square mile (9.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 90.2% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 9.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 9.8% of the population.

Of the 22 households, 27.3% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.0% were cohabitating couples, 0.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 50.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 50.0% of all households were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 44.1 years. 14.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 17.1% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 26.8% were from 25 and 44; 12.2% were from 45 and 64; and 29.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 65.9% male and 34.1% female.

