==Demographics==
===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 51 people, 16 households, and 15 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 59.2 inhabitants per square mile (22.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 23 housing units at an average density of 26.7 per square mile (10.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 96.1% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 3.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 5.9% of the population.

Of the 16 households, 6.2% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 87.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.0% were cohabitating couples, 12.5% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 0.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 6.2% of all households were non-families. 6.2% of all households were made up of individuals, 0.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 61.2 years. 19.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 0.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 15.7% were from 25 and 44; 37.3% were from 45 and 64; and 27.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 35.3% male and 64.7% female.

