=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|69
|1920|124
|1930|145
|1940|118
|1950|132
|1960|110
|1970|96
|1980|119
|1990|94
|2000|100
|2010|91
|2020|84
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Zwingle had a population of 84.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A87690&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A87690&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The median age was 31.5 years. 22.6% of residents were under the age of 18 and 11.9% were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females, there were 104.9 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 97.0 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A87690&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

There were 34 households in Zwingle, of which 44.1% had children under the age of 18 living in them. Of all households, 44.1% were married-couple households, 26.5% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 14.7% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. About 17.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/> There were 42 housing units, of which 19.0% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 3.7% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The population density was 430.8 people per square mile (166.3/km<sup>2</sup>), and the average household size was 2.5 people.<ref name="ExploreCensusData2020">{{cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Zwingle_city,_Iowa?g=1600000US1987690 |access-date=2022-12-05 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 84 || 100.0%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===Demographic estimates===
2.9% of the population were of English descent, 1.4% French, 45.7% German, 25.7% Irish, and 1.4% Norwegian.<ref name="CensusReporterProfile">{{Cite web |title=Census profile: Zwingle, IA |url=http://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US1987690-zwingle-ia/ |access-date=2022-12-05 |website=Census Reporter |language=en}}</ref>

The average income per capita of Zwingle was $19,572, and the median household income was $65,600. Only 7.1% of the population lived under the poverty line.<ref name="CensusReporterProfile"/>

31% of the population was identified as currently married, and 6.7% of women between the ages of 15 and 50 gave birth during that year.<ref name="CensusReporterProfile"/>

83% of the population had received a high school degree, and 6.4% had received a college degree.<ref name="CensusReporterProfile"/>

5.2% of the population were veterans.<ref name="CensusReporterProfile"/>

===2010 Census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 91 people, 45 households, and 23 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|568.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|306.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 45 households, of which 17.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.9% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.61.

The median age in the city was 38.5 years. 16.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.5% were from 25 to 44; 26.4% were from 45 to 64; and 19.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 Census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 100 people, 42 households, and 23 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|640.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|275.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]] and 1.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.00% of the population.

There were 42 households, out of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.9% were non-families. 38.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.25.

31.0% are under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,667, and the median income for a family was $45,625. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,916. There were no families and 1.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.
