=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|204
|1890|186
|1900|235
|1910|197
|1920|228
|1930|218
|1940|255
|1950|220
|1960|174
|1970|142
|1980|132
|1990|110
|2000|142
|2010|113
|2020|97
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-28}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Macksburg had a population of 97. There were 45 households and 26 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A48180&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A48180&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

The [[population density]] was 48.9 inhabitants per square mile (18.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 54 housing units at an average density of 27.2 per square mile (10.5/km<sup>2</sup>), of which 16.7% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A48180&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 45 households, 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Of all households, 42.2% were married-couple households, 8.9% were cohabitating couples, 26.7% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 22.2% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. Non-families made up 42.2% of households. About 37.8% of all households were made up of individuals and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age was 48.5 years. 19.6% of residents were under the age of 18, 22.7% were under the age of 20, and 24.7% were 65 years of age or older. 6.2% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 14.4% were from 25 to 44; and 32.0% were from 45 to 64. The gender makeup of the city was 45.4% male and 54.6% female, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 100.0 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 92 || 94.8%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 5 || 5.2%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 113 people in 53 households, including 33 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|56.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|29.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 96.5% White, 1.8% Native American, and 1.8% from two or more races.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref>

Of the 53 households 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.7% were non-families. 34.0% of households were one person and 11.3% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age was 44.4 years. 20.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.7% were from 25 to 44; 27.4% were from 45 to 64; and 20.4% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 142 people in 62 households, including 40 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|72.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 66 housing units at an average density of {{convert|33.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makup]] of the city was 97.18% White, 1.41% Asian, and 1.41% from two or more races.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

Of the 62 households 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.1% were married couples living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.9% were non-families. 32.3% of households were one person and 14.5% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.76.

The age distribution was 26.8% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 28.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% 65 or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.2 males.

The median household income was $31,500 and the median family income  was $36,964. Males had a median income of $29,688 versus $20,357 for females. The per capita income for the city was $14,080. There were none of the families and 5.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 6.5% of those over 64.
