==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
| 1902 = 27
| 1925 = 225
| 1940 = 36
| 1950 = 42
| 1960 = 37
| 1970 = 23
| 1980 = 45
| 2020 = 19
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=February 21, 2025}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 19 people, 11 households, and 9 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 34.4 inhabitants per square mile (13.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 12 housing units at an average density of 21.7 per square mile (8.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 89.5% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 10.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.0% of the population.

Of the 11 households, 54.5% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 81.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.0% were cohabitating couples, 0.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 18.2% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 18.2% of all households were non-families. 18.2% of all households were made up of individuals, 0.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 57.3 years. 5.3% of the residents were under the age of 20; 0.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 31.6% were from 25 and 44; 26.3% were from 45 and 64; and 36.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 57.9% male and 42.1% female.

