==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|2020= 49
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{Cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html |access-date=June 4, 2016 |publisher=Census.gov}}</ref>
}}
===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 49 people, 23 households, and 7 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 148.7 inhabitants per square mile (57.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 26 housing units at an average density of 78.9 per square mile (30.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 81.6% [[White Americans|White]], 2.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 2.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 2.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 12.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 4.1% of the population.

Of the 23 households, 8.7% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 17.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% were cohabitating couples, 47.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 30.4% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 69.6% of all households were non-families. 65.2% of all households were made up of individuals, 21.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 57.8 years. 8.2% of the residents were under the age of 20; 6.1% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 14.3% were from 25 and 44; 49.0% were from 45 and 64; and 22.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 55.1% male and 44.9% female.

