=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|200
|1920|204
|1930|207
|1940|199
|1950|201
|1960|190
|1970|147
|1980|112
|1990|92
|2000|78
|2010|79
|2020|77
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 77 people, 30 households, and 20 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A64110&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A64110&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

The [[population density]] was 102.3 inhabitants per square mile (39.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 42 housing units at an average density of 55.8 per square mile (21.6/km<sup>2</sup>). Of the housing units, 28.6% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 7.4% and the rental vacancy rate was 28.6%. All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A64110&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 30 households, 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married-couple households]], 10.0% were cohabitating couple households, 26.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present, and 13.3% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. About 33.3% of households were non-families, 23.3% were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age in the city was 31.8 years. 33.8% of residents were under the age of 18, and 10.4% were 65 years of age or older. 36.4% of residents were under the age of 20; 3.9% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 19.5% were from 25 to 44; and 29.9% were from 45 to 64. The gender makeup of the city was 51.9% male and 48.1% female. For every 100 females, there were 108.1 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.9 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 72 || 93.5%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 1 || 1.3%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 4 || 5.2%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 4 || 5.2%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 79 people, 33 households, and 21 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|106.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|56.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.3% from two or more races.

There were 33 households, of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.4% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 35.5 years. 25.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.6% were from 25 to 44; 22.8% were from 45 to 64; and 16.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 78 people, 33 households, and 22 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|106.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|50.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 3.85% from two or more races.

There were 33 households, out of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 21.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 12.8% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 17.9% from 45 to 64, and 23.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,464, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $28,333 versus $14,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,666. There were no families and 6.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 10.0% of those over 64.
