==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 185
|1920= 174
|1930= 142
|1940= 129
|1950= 91
|1960= 70
|1970= 43
|1980= 31
|1990= 34
|2000= 13
|2010= 15
|2020= 11
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 11 people, 0 households, and 0 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 28.9 inhabitants per square mile (11.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 8 housing units at an average density of 21.0 per square mile (8.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 63.6% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 9.1% from other races and 27.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.0% of the population.

The median age in the city was 63.5 years. 0.0% of the residents were under the age of 20; 9.1% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 9.1% were from 25 and 44; 36.4% were from 45 and 64; and 45.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.5% male and 45.5% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 15 people, 8 households, and 3 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|45.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 9 housing units at an average density of {{convert|27.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 6.7% from two or more races.

There were 8 households, of which 12.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 12.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 62.5% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.88 and the average family size was 2.33.

The median age in the city was 56.3 years. 13.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.7% were from 25 to 44; 40% were from 45 to 64; and 20% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 40.0% male and 60.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 13 people, 6 households, and 4 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|39.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 15 housing units at an average density of {{convert|45.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 6 households, out of which 50.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 33.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.7% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.40.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 53.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 62.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 66.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,560. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

