=== Demographics ===
{{US Census population
|1910= 185
|1920= 174
|1930= 142
|1940= 129
|1950= 91
|1960= 70
|1970= 43
|1980= 31
|1990= 34
|2000= 13
|2010= 15
|2020= 11
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>
| align = right
| align-fn = center
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 11 people, 0 households, and 0 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A44580&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 28.9 inhabitants per square mile (11.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 8 housing units at an average density of 21.0 per square mile (8.1/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age in the city was 63.5 years. 0.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.1% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 9.1% were from 25 to 44; 36.4% were from 45 to 64; and 45.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.5% male and 45.5% female.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 0 households in the city. No households had children under the age of 18. There were no households headed by a single male or single female householder. There were no one-person households, including anyone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 8 housing units, of which 100.0% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A44580&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A44580&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 7 || 63.6%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 1 || 9.1%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 3 || 27.3%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 15 people, 8 households, and 3 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|45.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 9 housing units at an average density of {{convert|27.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 6.7% from two or more races.

There were 8 households, of which 12.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 12.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 62.5% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.88 and the average family size was 2.33.

The median age in the city was 56.3 years. 13.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.7% were from 25 to 44; 40% were from 45 to 64; and 20% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 40.0% male and 60.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 13 people, 6 households, and 4 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|39.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 15 housing units at an average density of {{convert|45.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 6 households, out of which 50.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 33.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.7% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.40.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 53.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 62.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 66.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,560. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].
