=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= 
|1900|118
|1910|129
|1920|174
|1930|157
|1940|175
|1950|143
|1960|161
|1970|133
|1980|119
|1990|112
|2000|110
|2010|88
|2020|87
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Cylinder had a population of 87, with 32 households and 22 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A17985&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A17985&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 928.8 inhabitants per square mile (358.6/km<sup>2</sup>), and there were 41 housing units at an average density of 437.7 per square mile (169.0/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/> All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A17985&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

The median age in the city was 41.5 years. 20.7% of residents were under the age of 20, 14.9% were under the age of 18, 6.9% were between the ages of 20 and 24, 25.3% were from 25 to 44, 25.3% were from 45 to 64, and 21.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.3% male and 43.7% female. For every 100 females there were 128.9 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 131.2 males.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL"/>

Of the 32 households, 21.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.4% were married-couple households, 0.0% were cohabiting-couple households, 25.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present, and 15.6% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. About 31.3% of households were non-families and 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, with 12.6% having someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 41 housing units, of which 22.0% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 10.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 28.6%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 79 || 90.8%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 1 || 1.1%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 7 || 8.0%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 3 || 3.4%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 88 people, 39 households, and 22 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1257.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|628.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.1% from two or more races.

There were 39 households, of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.6% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the city was 47.5 years. 23.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 33% were from 45 to 64; and 19.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.7% male and 44.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 110 people, 45 households, and 31 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,625.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|723.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.91% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.82% of the population.

There were 45 households, out of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.1% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,750, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $14,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,953. There were 21.2% of families and 31.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 62.5% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.
