=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1920|176
|1930|93
|1940|86
|1950|94
|1960|80
|1970|72
|1980|94
|1990|78
|2000|103
|2010|88
|2020|73
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Willey had a population of 73 people, with 29 households and 26 families. The [[population density]] was 293.1 inhabitants per square mile (113.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 32 housing units at an average density of 128.5 per square mile (49.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The median age was 49.8 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18, and 24.7% were 65 years of age or older. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 20; 2.7% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; and 27.4% were from 45 to 64. The gender makeup of the city was 52.1% male and 47.9% female. For every 100 females there were 108.6 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 124.0 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A85710&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A85710&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A85710&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

There were 29 households, of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Of all households, 75.9% were married-couple households, 6.9% were cohabiting-couple households, 6.9% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present, and 10.3% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. About 10.3% of households were non-families, 6.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 32 housing units, of which 9.4% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 70 || 95.9%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 3 || 4.1%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 1 || 1.4%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 88 people, 31 households, and 20 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|352.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|140.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 5.7% from two or more races.

There were 31 households, of which 41.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.5% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.75.

The median age in the city was 32.5 years. 33% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 27.2% were from 45 to 64; and 8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 103 people, 32 households, and 24 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|415.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|133.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|White]].

There were 32 households, out of which 50.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.22, and the average family size was 3.79.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 37.9% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 6.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 137.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $42,083, and the median income for a family was $57,083. Males had a median income of $32,083 versus $14,286 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,900. There were no families and 8.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.
