=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|147
|1910|131
|1920|158
|1930|167
|1940|170
|1950|123
|1960|144
|1970|104
|1980|86
|1990|56
|2000|56
|2010|45
|2020|31
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 31 people, 19 households, and 11 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A68340&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A68340&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 212.0 inhabitants per square mile (81.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 19 housing units at an average density of 129.9 per square mile (50.2/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A68340&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 19 households, 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.8% were [[Marriage|married-couple households]], 5.3% were cohabiting couple households, 31.6% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present, and 26.3% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. Non-family households made up 42.1% of all households. About 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the 19 housing units, 0.0% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age in the city was 50.3 years. 6.5% of residents were under the age of 18, and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. 6.5% of residents were under the age of 20; 12.9% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 16.1% were from 25 to 44; 51.6% were from 45 to 64; and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 61.3% male and 38.7% female. For every 100 females, there were 158.3 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 163.6 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 29 || 93.5%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 2 || 6.5%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 2 || 6.5%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 45 people, 23 households, and 12 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|264.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 25 housing units at an average density of {{convert|147.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 23 households, of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.8% were non-families. 43.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the city was 50.5 years. 15.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.3% were from 25 to 44; 51.1% were from 45 to 64; and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 56 people, 24 households, and 16 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|336.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|168.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]].

There were 24 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 32.1% from 45 to 64, and 10.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,063, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $28,438 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,347. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].
