==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2010= 118
|2020= 93
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 93 people, 38 households, and 22 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 90.6 inhabitants per square mile (35.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 46 housing units at an average density of 44.8 per square mile (17.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 95.7% [[White Americans|White]], 1.1% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 2.2% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.1% of the population.

Of the 38 households, 28.9% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.0% were cohabitating couples, 39.5% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 15.8% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 42.1% of all households were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 47.4 years. 29.0% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.2% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 15.1% were from 25 and 44; 37.6% were from 45 and 64; and 15.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 61.3% male and 38.7% female.

