=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|158
|1890|279
|1900|296
|1910|341
|1920|268
|1930|303
|1940|280
|1950|274
|1960|264
|1970|192
|1980|188
|1990|88
|2000|66
|2010|72
|2020|39
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Imogene had a population of 39, with 17 households and 14 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A38055&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The median age was 48.5 years. 30.8% of residents were under the age of 18 and 25.6% were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females, there were 77.3 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.0 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The [[population density]] was 79.0 inhabitants per square mile (30.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 17 housing units at an average density of 34.4 per square mile (13.3/km<sup>2</sup>), and 0.0% of housing units were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A38055&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 17 households, 58.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Of all households, 52.9% were married-couple households, 5.9% were cohabiting-couple households, 23.5% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present, and 17.6% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. About 17.6% of all households were non-families, 17.6% were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A38055&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 38 || 97.4%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 1 || 2.6%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 72 people, 25 households, and 18 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|360.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|140.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 25 households, of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 12.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.39.

The median age in the city was 44 years. 27.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.1% were from 25 to 44; 30.6% were from 45 to 64; and 18.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.2% male and 45.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 66 people, 29 households, and 16 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|330.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|190.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.52% from two or more races.

There were 29 households, out of which 20.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.8% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 33.3% from 25 to 44, 16.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 135.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $46,667. Males had a median income of $24,688 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $25,329. There were no families and 4.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.
