=== Demographics ===
{{US Census population
|2010= 60
|2020= 64
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
| align = right
| align-fn = center
}}
===2020 census===

As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Little Cedar had a population of 64 people, with 21 households and 16 families.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A45705&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A45705&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

The [[population density]] was 120.2 inhabitants per square mile (46.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 25 housing units at an average density of 46.9 per square mile (18.1/km<sup>2</sup>), of which 16.0% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A45705&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 21 households, 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Of all households, 76.2% were married-couple households, 4.8% were cohabiting-couple households, 19.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present, and 0.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. Non-families made up 23.8% of all households. About 14.3% of households were made up of individuals, and 0.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age was 30.0 years. The age distribution was 31.2% under age 20, 12.5% from 20 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 28.1% from 45 to 64, and 3.1% age 65 or older. Residents under age 18 made up 28.1% of the population. The gender makeup was 62.5% male and 37.5% female. For every 100 females there were 166.7 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 187.5 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 58 || 90.6%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 1 || 1.6%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 5 || 7.8%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 3 || 4.7%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 60 people, 29 households, and 16 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|33.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 30 housing units at an average density of 16.9 per square mile (6.5/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 29 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.8% were non-families. 41.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city the population was spread out, with 21.7% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 30% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40.5 years. The gender makeup of the city was 55.0% male and 45.0% female.
