==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 87
|2020= 71
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016|archive-date=February 28, 2022|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220228083025/https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=October 24, 2024 |archive-date=October 9, 2024 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20241009151602/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |url-status=live }}</ref> there were 71 people, 38 households, and 18 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 720.4 inhabitants per square mile (278.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 40 housing units at an average density of 405.9 per square mile (156.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 85.9% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 1.4% from other races and 12.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 5.6% of the population.

The most populous ancestries reported in Chapin are Russian (88 | 64.2%), French (22 | 16.1%), and Irish (6 | 4.4%), together accounting for 84.7% of all Chapin residents.<ref>{{cite web |title=Chapin, Iowa Ancestry & Race |url=https://zipatlas.com/us/IA/chapin.htm |publisher=ZipAtlas}}</ref>

Of the 38 households, 10.5% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% were cohabitating couples, 34.2% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 15.8% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 52.6% of all households were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 28.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 55.3 years. 14.1% of the residents were under the age of 20; 2.8% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 14.1% were from 25 and 44; 36.6% were from 45 and 64; and 32.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 73.2% male and 26.8% female.

