=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|137
|1890|104
|1900|99
|1910|94
|1920|489
|1930|101
|1940|146
|1950|86
|1960|111
|1970|131
|1980|95
|1990|86
|2000|92
|2010|63
|2020|68
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 68 people, 27 households, and 18 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A74685&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A74685&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 546.2 inhabitants per square mile (210.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 32 housing units at an average density of 257.0 per square mile (99.2/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age in the city was 43.5 years. 16.2% of residents were under the age of 18, and 17.6% were under the age of 20. 8.8% were between the ages of 20 and 24, 25.0% were from 25 to 44, 33.8% were from 45 to 64, and 14.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.5% male and 48.5% female. For every 100 females there were 106.1 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 83.9 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A74685&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 27 households, 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.8% were cohabitating couples, 22.2% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present, and 22.2% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 33.3% of households were non-families. 29.6% of households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 32 housing units, of which 15.6% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 4.2% and the rental vacancy rate was 16.7%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 63 || 92.6%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 5 || 7.4%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 2 || 2.9%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 63 people in 28 households, including 15 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|525.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 30 housing units at an average density of {{convert|250.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 98.4% White and 1.6% African American.

Of the 28 households 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 25.0% were married couples living together, 17.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.4% were non-families. 32.1% of households were one person and 10.7% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age was 41.8 years. 19% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 17.5% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.6% male and 44.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 92 people in 31 households, including 23 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|773.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|277.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 98.91% White and 1.09% Asian.

Of the 31 households 48.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.1% were married couples living together, 16.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.6% were non-families. 19.4% of households were one person and none had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.97 and the average family size was 3.42.

The age distribution was 34.8% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 2.2% 65 or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median household income was $33,750 and the median family income was $31,875. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $25,000 for females. The per capita income for the city was $11,671. There were 10.5% of families and 10.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 14.8% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.
