=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|97
|1920|103
|1930|92
|1940|78
|1950|51
|1960|45
|1970|59
|1980|35
|1990|49
|2000|50
|2010|59
|2020|43
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Osterdock had a population of 43 people, with 19 households and 15 families residing in the city. The median age was 43.2 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18 and 30.2% were 65 years of age or older. 27.9% of residents were under the age of 20; 4.7% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; and 14.0% were from 45 to 64. For every 100 females there were 126.3 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 175.0 males age 18 and over. The gender makeup of the city was 55.8% male and 44.2% female.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A60015&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A60015&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

The [[population density]] was 108.8 inhabitants per square mile (42.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 19 housing units at an average density of 48.1 per square mile (18.6/km<sup>2</sup>). All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A60015&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 19 households, 47.4% had children under the age of 18 living in them. Of all households, 52.6% were married-couple households, 0.0% were cohabitating-couple households, 31.6% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 15.8% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. 21.1% of households were non-families, 21.1% were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 19 housing units, of which 0.0% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 41 || 95.3%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 1 || 2.3%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 1 || 2.3%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 2 || 4.7%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 59 people, 23 households, and 16 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|128.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 23 housing units at an average density of {{convert|50.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 5.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 23 households, of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.4% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 50.3 years. 20.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.6% were from 25 to 44; 44.1% were from 45 to 64; and 15.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 42.4% male and 57.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 50 people, 21 households, and 16 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|109.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 21 housing units at an average density of {{convert|46.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 21 households, out of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 23.8% were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.0% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 38.0% from 45 to 64, and 8.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 150.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $40,625 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,566. 26.0% of the population and 27.8% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, none of those under the age of 18 and 36.4% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.
