=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1870|211
|1880|234
|1890|214
|1900|216
|1910|181
|1920|146
|1930|156
|1940|173
|1950|196
|1960|148
|1970|126
|1980|131
|1990|119
|2000|90
|2010|97
|2020|76
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Chillicothe had a population of 76, with 30 households and 22 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A13215&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A13215&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

The median age was 47.5 years. 15.8% of residents were under the age of 18, and 17.1% were 65 years of age or older. 2.6% of residents were between the ages of 20 and 24, 26.3% were from 25 to 44, and 36.8% were from 45 to 64. The gender makeup of the city was 53.9% male and 46.1% female. For every 100 females there were 117.1 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 146.2 males.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A13215&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of those households, 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% were cohabitating couples, 10.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present, and 16.7% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 26.7% of households were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 34 housing units at an average density of 150.4 per square mile (58.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[population density]] was 336.2 inhabitants per square mile (129.8/km<sup>2</sup>). Of housing units, 11.8% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 3.6% and the rental vacancy rate was 25.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 67 || 88.2%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 1 || 1.3%
|-
| Some other race || 4 || 5.3%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 4 || 5.3%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 4 || 5.3%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 97 people, 35 households, and 21 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|421.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|195.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 35 households, of which 37.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.0% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.33.

The median age in the city was 35.5 years. 27.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.7% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 9.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 90 people, 38 households, and 25 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|395.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|193.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.11% from two or more races.

There were 38 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.96.

Population spread: 27.8% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 30.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,781, and the median income for a family was $31,750. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,075. There were 12.0% of families and 13.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.
