=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|94
|1920|100
|1930|106
|1940|104
|1950|95
|1960|114
|1970|145
|1980|146
|1990|113
|2000|132
|2010|103
|2020|92
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Oyens had a population of 92 people, with 31 households and 22 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A60780&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A60780&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 811.6 inhabitants per square mile (313.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 42 housing units at an average density of 370.5 per square mile (143.1/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age was 44.5 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18 and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. 2.2% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 25.0% were from 25 to 44; and 31.5% were from 45 to 64. The gender makeup of the city was 54.3% male and 45.7% female. For every 100 females there were 119.0 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 115.2 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A60780&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 31 households, 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.7% were married-couple households, 0.0% were cohabitating couple households, 0.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present, and 32.3% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. About 29.0% of households were non-families, 22.6% were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 42 housing units, of which 26.2% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 100.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 84 || 91.3%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 8 || 8.7%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 5 || 5.4%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 103 people, 42 households, and 30 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1144.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|500.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 42 households, of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.6% were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the city was 40.5 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 29.2% were from 45 to 64; and 14.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.4% male and 46.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 132 people, 48 households, and 39 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,405.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|511.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.03% of the population.

There were 48 households, out of which 39.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.7% were non-families. 14.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.03.

Age spread:  27.3% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 34.1% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 134.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $53,333, and the median income for a family was $52,500. Males had a median income of $25,714 versus $25,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,969. There were no families and 2.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.
