=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|129
|1920|140
|1930|163
|1940|136
|1950|105
|1960|105
|1970|81
|1980|82
|1990|92
|2000|97
|2010|72
|2020|74
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-28}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Scarville had a population of 74 people and 25 families. The [[population density]] was 518.2 inhabitants per square mile (200.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 39 housing units at an average density of 273.1 per square mile (105.4/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A71040&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A71040&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

The median age was 47.5 years. 21.6% of residents were under the age of 20; 6.8% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 20.3% were from 25 to 44; 33.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A71040&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

There were 38 households, of which 39.5% had children under the age of 18 living in them. Of all households, 28.9% were married-couple households, 10.5% were cohabitating-couple households, 28.9% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 31.6% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. 34.2% of households were non-families. About 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 39 housing units, of which 2.6% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 72 || 97.3%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 2 || 2.7%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 10 || 13.5%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 72 people, 36 households, and 18 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|900.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|500.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 36 households, of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 47.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the city was 41 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 20.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 41.7% male and 58.3% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 97 people, 41 households and 25 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|997.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|431.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 41 households, of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.6% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.92.

32.0% of the population were under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $40,139 and the median family income was $38,750. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $21,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,949. There were 6.3% of families and 6.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 6.7% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.
