==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|2010= 38
|2020= 36
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 36 people, 17 households, and 14 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 35.6 inhabitants per square mile (13.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 17 housing units at an average density of 16.8 per square mile (6.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 100.0% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 0.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.0% of the population.

Of the 17 households, 17.6% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.0% were cohabitating couples, 11.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 17.6% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 17.6% of all households were non-families. 17.6% of all households were made up of individuals, 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 39.5 years. 33.3% of the residents were under the age of 20; 11.1% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 8.3% were from 25 and 44; 22.2% were from 45 and 64; and 25.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 58.3% male and 41.7% female.

