==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2010= 26
|2020= 31
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016|archive-date=February 28, 2022|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220228083025/https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=October 25, 2024 |archive-date=October 9, 2024 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20241009151602/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |url-status=live }}</ref> there were 31 people, 15 households, and 13 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 518.9 inhabitants per square mile (200.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 16 housing units at an average density of 267.8 per square mile (103.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 96.8% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 3.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 6.5% of the population.

Of the 15 households, 6.7% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% were cohabitating couples, 13.3% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 6.7% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 13.3% of all households were non-families. 13.3% of all households were made up of individuals, 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 64.5 years. 12.9% of the residents were under the age of 20; 0.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 6.5% were from 25 and 44; 38.7% were from 45 and 64; and 41.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 54.8% male and 45.2% female.

