==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|170
|1910|228
|1920|193
|1930|217
|1940|197
|1950|146
|1960|150
|1970|105
|1980|123
|1990|100
|2000|82
|2010|85
|2020|60
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 Census===
As of the 2020 [[Census]],<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Yorktown_city,_Iowa?g=1600000US1987420 |access-date=2022-12-05 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> the total population was 60 people. The population density was 222 people per square mile, spread over 0.27 miles. Of those 60 people, the median age was 57.5 years, with 14.9% of the town's population under the age of 18, 57.4% between the ages of 18 and 64, and 27.7% of the population over the age of 65. There were a total of 20 households, with an average of 3 people per household.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Census profile: Yorktown, IA |url=http://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US1987420-yorktown-ia/ |access-date=2022-12-05 |website=Census Reporter |language=en}}</ref>

51% of the town's population was female, with 49% of the population male. The racial makeup of the town was 88.33% White, 8.33% mixed race, and 3.33% Hispanic.

The average income per capita of Yorktown was $17,916, which is lower than the state average, and the median household income was $53,750, 90% of the state average. No one in the town lives underneath of the poverty line.

65% of the population of the town is identified as currently married.

86.5% of the Yorktown population have received a high school degree, which is 6 percentage points lower than the rest of the state. Yorktown has a lower-than-average percentage of the population having received college degrees, with only 10.8% of the town's population have received college degrees compared to the state average of 30.5%.

2.5% of the town's population were veterans.

===2010 Census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 85 people, 32 households, and 24 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|314.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|137.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 87.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 32 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.0% were non-families. 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the city was 47.3 years. 24.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.5% were from 25 to 44; 31.8% were from 45 to 64; and 20% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.6% male and 42.4% female.

===2000 Census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 82 people, 36 households, and 25 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|297.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|148.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 36 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.8% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.65.

20.7% are under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,417, and the median income for a family was $38,125. Males had a median income of $29,583 versus $27,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,248. There were 17.6% of families and 23.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 36.4% of under eighteens and 22.7% of those over 64.

