=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|170
|1910|228
|1920|193
|1930|217
|1940|197
|1950|146
|1960|150
|1970|105
|1980|123
|1990|100
|2000|82
|2010|85
|2020|60
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Yorktown had a population of 60. The median age was 44.0 years. 21.7% of residents were under the age of 18 and 20.0% of residents were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females there were 114.3 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 123.8 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A87420&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A87420&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A87420&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

There were 23 households in Yorktown, of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living in them. Of all households, 47.8% were married-couple households, 21.7% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 21.7% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. About 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals and 4.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 32 housing units, of which 28.1% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 21.7% and the rental vacancy rate was 22.2%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The population density was 222 people per square mile, spread over 0.27 square miles.<ref name="CensusProfile2020">{{Cite web |title=Census profile: Yorktown, IA |url=http://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US1987420-yorktown-ia/ |access-date=2022-12-05 |website=Census Reporter |language=en}}</ref>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 53 || 88.3%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 2 || 3.3%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 5 || 8.3%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 2 || 3.3%
|}

===Demographic estimates===
The average income per capita of Yorktown was $17,916, which is lower than the state average, and the median household income was $53,750, 90% of the state average. No one in the town lives underneath of the poverty line.<ref name="CensusProfile2020"/>

65% of the population of the town is identified as currently married.<ref name="CensusProfile2020"/>

86.5% of the Yorktown population have received a high school degree, which is 6 percentage points lower than the rest of the state. Yorktown has a lower-than-average percentage of the population having received college degrees, with only 10.8% of the town's population have received college degrees compared to the state average of 30.5%.<ref name="CensusProfile2020"/>

2.5% of the town's population were veterans.<ref name="CensusProfile2020"/>

===2010 Census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 85 people, 32 households, and 24 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|314.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|137.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 87.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 32 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.0% were non-families. 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the city was 47.3 years. 24.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.5% were from 25 to 44; 31.8% were from 45 to 64; and 20% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.6% male and 42.4% female.

===2000 Census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 82 people, 36 households, and 25 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|297.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|148.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 36 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.8% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.65.

20.7% are under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,417, and the median income for a family was $38,125. Males had a median income of $29,583 versus $27,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,248. There were 17.6% of families and 23.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 36.4% of under eighteens and 22.7% of those over 64.
