==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|173
|1910|163
|1920|176
|1930|150
|1940|131
|1950|127
|1960|94
|1970|66
|1980|82
|1990|71
|2000|74
|2010|60
|2020|45
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 45 people, 26 households, and 18 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 296.1 inhabitants per square mile (114.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 26 housing units at an average density of 171.1 per square mile (66.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 95.6% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 4.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.0% of the population.

Of the 26 households, 46.2% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% were cohabitating couples, 23.1% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 34.6% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 30.8% of all households were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 55.8 years. 15.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.4% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 13.3% were from 25 and 44; 33.3% were from 45 and 64; and 33.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.6% male and 44.4% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 60 people, 29 households, and 17 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|375.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|193.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.7% from two or more races.

There were 29 households, of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.4% were non-families. 41.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the city was 45 years. 28.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.3% were from 25 to 44; 21.7% were from 45 to 64; and 28.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 74 people, 33 households, and 19 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|444.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|222.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 33 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.4% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $47,500. Males had a median income of $38,036 versus $27,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,254. There were no families and 5.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 11.8% of those over 64.

