=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|173
|1910|163
|1920|176
|1930|150
|1940|131
|1950|127
|1960|94
|1970|66
|1980|82
|1990|71
|2000|74
|2010|60
|2020|45
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 45 people, 26 households, and 18 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A68385&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A68385&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 296.1 inhabitants per square mile (114.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 26 housing units at an average density of 171.1 per square mile (66.0/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/> All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A68385&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

There were 26 households, of which 46.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Of all households, 38.5% were [[Marriage|married-couple households]], 3.8% were cohabiting-couple households, 34.6% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 23.1% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. About 30.8% of households were non-families, 30.8% were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age was 55.8 years. Of the residents, 15.6% were under the age of 20, 4.4% were from 20 to 24, 13.3% were from 25 to 44, 33.3% were from 45 to 64, and 33.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.6% male and 44.4% female. For every 100 females, there were 125.0 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.1 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 26 housing units, of which 0.0% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 43 || 95.6%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 2 || 4.4%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 60 people, 29 households, and 17 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|375.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|193.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.7% from two or more races.

There were 29 households, of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.4% were non-families. 41.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the city was 45 years. 28.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.3% were from 25 to 44; 21.7% were from 45 to 64; and 28.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 74 people, 33 households, and 19 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|444.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|222.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 33 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.4% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $47,500. Males had a median income of $38,036 versus $27,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,254. There were no families and 5.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 11.8% of those over 64.
