=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1920|160
|1930|140
|1940|143
|1950|115
|1960|99
|1970|88
|1980|97
|1990|71
|2000|72
|2010|52
|2020|38
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Rinard had a population of 38, with 18 households and 9 families.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A67125&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A67125&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 37.9 inhabitants per square mile (14.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 27 housing units at an average density of 27.0 per square mile (10.4/km<sup>2</sup>), of which 33.3% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the 18 households, 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 44.4% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 16.7% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. Of all households, 50.0% were non-families, 50.0% were made up of individuals, and 33.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age was 57.5 years. 13.2% of residents were under the age of 18, 13.2% were under the age of 20, 2.6% were from 20 to 24, 18.4% were from 25 to 44, 31.6% were from 45 to 64, and 34.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.9% male and 42.1% female. For every 100 females, there were 137.5 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 135.7 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A67125&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 35 || 92.1%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 3 || 7.9%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 52 people, 24 households, and 15 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|52.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|32.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 100.0% White.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref>
Of the 24 households 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were married couples living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 37.5% of households were one person and 20.8% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age was 46 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 34.6% were from 45 to 64; and 17.3% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 72 people, 28 households, and 18 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|72.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|31.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makup]] of the city was 100.00% White.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>
Of the 28 households 39.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.7% were married couples living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 35.7% of households were one person and 14.3% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.39.

The age distribution was 33.3% under the age of 18, 2.8% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% 65 or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 128.6 males.

The median household income was $16,875 and the median family income  was $26,250. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $13,125 for females. The per capita income for the city was $10,706. There were 26.7% of families and 27.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 14.3% of under eighteens and 35.7% of those over 64.
