=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1890|247
|1900|396
|1910|268
|1920|333
|1930|370
|1940|410
|1950|302
|1960|221
|1970|203
|1980|172
|1990|118
|2000|145
|2010|108
|2020|72
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Oto had a population of 72, with 41 households and 28 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 267.7 inhabitants per square mile (103.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 44 housing units at an average density of 163.6 per square mile (63.2/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A60240&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A60240&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

The median age was 45.3 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18, 26.4% were under the age of 20, and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. 4.2% of residents were between the ages of 20 and 24, 18.1% were from 25 to 44, and 31.9% were from 45 to 64. For every 100 females there were 89.5 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 89.7 males age 18 and over. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A60240&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 41 households, 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% were cohabitating couples, 31.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present, and 19.5% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. About 31.7% of households were non-families, 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 44 housing units, of which 6.8% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 9.1% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 69 || 95.8%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 1 || 1.4%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 1 || 1.4%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 1 || 1.4%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 2 || 2.8%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 108 people, 46 households, and 27 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|400.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|222.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.3% of the population.

There were 46 households, of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.3% were non-families. 39.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the city was 38.5 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.9% were from 25 to 44; 26.9% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 145 people, 54 households, and 40 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|552.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|255.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.76% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.69% of the population.

There were 54 households, out of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.9% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 35.9% from 25 to 44, 14.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,857, and the median income for a family was $24,500. Males had a median income of $21,500 versus $16,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,237. There were 11.1% of families and 21.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 23.6% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.
