=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|171
|1910|160
|1920|130
|1930|126
|1940|122
|1950|107
|1960|89
|1970|106
|1980|94
|1990|87
|2000|60
|2010|58
|2020|37
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 37 people, 8 households, and 5 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A39135&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A39135&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 6.2 inhabitants per square mile (2.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 20 housing units at an average density of 3.4 per square mile (1.3/km<sup>2</sup>). All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A39135&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 8 households, 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.0% were cohabitating couples, 25.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present, and 12.5% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 37.5% of all households were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 20 housing units, of which 60.0% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 27.3% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age in the city was 46.5 years. 32.4% of residents were under the age of 18. 35.1% of residents were under the age of 20; 5.4% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 2.7% were from 25 and 44; 32.4% were from 45 and 64; and 24.3% were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females there were 105.6 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 108.3 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 35 || 94.6%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 2 || 5.4%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 58 people, 21 households, and 18 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|9.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 23 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 21 households, of which 38.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 14.3% were non-families. 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 37.5 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.6% were from 25 to 44; 27.5% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.9% male and 43.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 60 people, 24 households, and 15 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|10.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 24 housing units at an average density of {{convert|4.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.67% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 24 households, out of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.40.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.0% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 33.3% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 8.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 122.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 133.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,875, and the median income for a family was $41,563. Males had a median income of $31,042 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,825. There were no families and 4.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.
