==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|2010= 33
|2020= 32
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 32 people, 5 households, and 3 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 11.1 inhabitants per square mile (4.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 12 housing units at an average density of 4.1 per square mile (1.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 81.2% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 6.2% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 12.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 9.4% of the population.

Of the 5 households, 0.0% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.0% were cohabitating couples, 40.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 20.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 40.0% of all households were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 0.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 37.5 years. 21.9% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.1% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 34.4% were from 25 and 44; 9.4% were from 45 and 64; and 31.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 65.6% male and 34.4% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=May 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 33 people, 11 households, and 9 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|11.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 13 housing units at an average density of {{convert|4.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 11 households, out of which 45.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 27.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.2% were non-families. 18.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 3.44.

In the city the population was spread out, with 39.4% under the age of 18, 3% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 12.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28.3 years. The gender makeup of the city was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

