=== Demographics ===
{{US Census population
|align= right
|2010= 33
|2020= 32
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
| align-fn = center
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 32 people, 5 households, and 3 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 11.1 inhabitants per square mile (4.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 12 housing units at an average density of 4.1 per square mile (1.6/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A07255&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A07255&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

The median age was 37.5 years. 18.7% of residents were under the age of 18 and 31.3% were 65 years of age or older. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 20; 3.1% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 34.4% were from 25 and 44; and 9.4% were from 45 and 64. The gender makeup of the community was 65.6% male and 34.4% female. For every 100 females there were 190.9 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 225.0 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A07255&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

There were 5 households, of which 0.0% had children under the age of 18 living in them. Of all households, 40.0% were married-couple households, 20.0% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 40.0% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. 0.0% were cohabitating-couple households. 40.0% of households were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 0.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 12 housing units, of which 58.3% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 22.2% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 26 || 81.2%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 2 || 6.2%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 4 || 12.5%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 3 || 9.4%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=May 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 33 people, 11 households, and 9 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|11.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 13 housing units at an average density of {{convert|4.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 11 households, out of which 45.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 27.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.2% were non-families. 18.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 3.44.

In the city the population was spread out, with 39.4% under the age of 18, 3% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 12.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28.3 years. The gender makeup of the city was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.
