=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|190
|1890|210
|1900|255
|1910|199
|1920|225
|1930|198
|1940|204
|1950|153
|1960|201
|1970|172
|1980|182
|1990|166
|2000|131
|2010|111
|2014|111
|2015|111
|2020|100
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>}}
|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Center Junction had a population of 100, with 44 households and 29 families. The [[population density]] was 136.2 inhabitants per square mile (52.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 56 housing units at an average density of 76.3 per square mile (29.4/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A12225&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

The median age was 54.5 years. 19.0% of residents were under the age of 20, including 18.0% who were under the age of 18, and 34.0% were 65 years of age or older. 3.0% of residents were between the ages of 20 and 24, 18.0% were from 25 to 44, and 26.0% were from 45 to 64. The gender makeup of the community was 52.0% male and 48.0% female. For every 100 females there were 108.3 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 105.0 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the 44 households, 11.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them. 52.3% were married-couple households, 4.5% were cohabitating-couple households, 25.0% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 18.2% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. 34.1% of households were non-families, 29.5% of households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the 56 housing units, 21.4% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%. All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A12225&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A12225&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 90 || 90.0%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 2 || 2.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 2 || 2.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 6 || 6.0%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 3 || 3.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 111 people, 53 households, and 34 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|201.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|105.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.5% of the population.

There were 53 households, of which 17.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.8% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.59.

The median age in the city was 49.9 years. 14.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.8% were from 25 to 44; 36.9% were from 45 to 64; and 24.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 131 people, 59 households, and 35 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|326.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|161.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 2.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.76% of the population.

There were 59 households, out of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.0% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 29.8% from 45 to 64, and 19.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,917, and the median income for a family was $41,750. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $20,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,476. There were no families and 5.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 17.4% of those over 64.
