=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|133
|1920|124
|1930|158
|1940|126
|1950|114
|1960|116
|1970|115
|1980|95
|1990|93
|2000|88
|2010|71
|2020|68
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 68 people, 29 households, and 19 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A59520&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A59520&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 670.3 inhabitants per square mile (258.8/km<sup>2</sup>), and housing unit density was 295.7 per square mile (114.2/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age was 40.5 years. 32.4% of residents were under the age of 20; 7.4% were from 20 to 24; 16.2% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 16.2% were 65 years of age or older. In addition, 26.5% of residents were under the age of 18. For every 100 females, there were 106.1 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.3 males.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A59520&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 29 households, 37.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Of all households, 48.3% were married-couple households, 10.3% were cohabitating couple households, 27.6% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present, and 13.8% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present. Non-family households made up 34.5% of all households. Individuals made up 27.6% of all households, and 0.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 30 housing units, of which 3.3% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 64 || 94.1%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 2 || 2.9%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 2 || 2.9%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 1 || 1.5%
|}

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 71 people in 30 households, including 18 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|788.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|366.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 95.8% White, 1.4% African American, and 2.8% Native American.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref>
Of the 30 households 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 23.3% of households were one person and 6.7% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age was 42.2 years. 21.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.9% were from 25 to 44; 29.6% were from 45 to 64; and 15.5% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 88 people in 33 households, including 23 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|994.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|395.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makup]] of the city was 100.00% White.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>
Of the 33 households 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.6% were married couples living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. 21.2% of households were one person and 9.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 2.92.

The age distribution was 29.5% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 15.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% 65 or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.7 males.

The median household income was $19,583 and the median family income  was $21,250. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $22,083 for females. The per capita income for the city was $10,148. There were 22.2% of families and 25.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of under eighteens and 38.1% of those over 64.
