=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|107
|1920|125
|1930|114
|1940|135
|1950|121
|1960|85
|1970|52
|1980|52
|1990|49
|2000|36
|2010|34
|2020|19
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=March 29, 2020}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Yetter had a population of 19.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A87375&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A87375&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The population density was 146 people per square mile, across 0.13 square miles.<ref name="ExploreCensus2020">{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Yetter_city,_Iowa?g=1600000US1987375 |access-date=December 6, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The median age was 63.5 years; 5.3% of residents were under age 18 and 36.8% were age 65 or older. For every 100 females, there were 90.0 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.0 males.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A87375&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

There were 13 households, of which 38.5% had children under the age of 18 living in them. Of all households, 46.2% were married-couple households, 30.8% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 23.1% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. About 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 18 housing units, of which 27.8% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 16 || 84.2%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 3 || 15.8%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===Demographic estimates===
Of Yetter's population, 4.9% were of English descent, 65.9% were of German descent, and 36.6% were of Irish descent. 42.1% of the population was identified as currently married. 15.6% of the population were veterans.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Census profile: Yetter, IA |url=http://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US1987375-yetter-ia/ |access-date=December 6, 2022 |website=Census Reporter |language=en}}</ref>

===Income and poverty===
The average income per capita of Yetter was $19,271, which is far lower than the state average, and the median household income was $19,271, almost 66% lower than the rest of the state. 43.9% of the town's population lives under the poverty line, which is far lower than the rest of the state.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Census profile: Yetter, IA |url=http://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US1987375-yetter-ia/ |access-date=December 6, 2022 |website=Census Reporter |language=en}}</ref>

===Education===
88% of the Yetter population has received a high school degree, which is 4.5 percentage points lower than the rest of the state. The town falls far below the state average of bachelor's degrees with only 4% of the town's population having received a bachelor's degree.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Census profile: Yetter, IA |url=http://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US1987375-yetter-ia/ |access-date=December 6, 2022 |website=Census Reporter |language=en}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=May 11, 2012}}</ref> there were 34 people, 16 households, and 9 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|261.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 20 housing units at an average density of {{convert|153.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White Americans|White]] and 2.9% [[Asian Americans|Asian]].

There were 16 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were [[married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.8% were non-families. 43.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 49.5 years. 20.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 38.2% were from 45 to 64; and 17.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 61.8% male and 38.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 36 people, 18 households, and 9 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|292.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 20 housing units at an average density of {{convert|162.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White Americans|White]].

There were 18 households, out of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 44.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.78.

19.4% are under the age of 18, 2.8% from 18 to 24, 30.6% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 22.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 125.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 123.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $45,938, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $28,500 versus $11,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,675. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].
