=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|120
|1920|94
|1930|92
|1940|93
|1950|92
|1960|115
|1970|89
|1980|86
|1990|59
|2000|61
|2010|51
|2020|58
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Sandyville had a population of 58 people, with 24 households and 18 families.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A70590&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A70590&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 117.6 inhabitants per square mile (45.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 24 housing units at an average density of 48.7 per square mile (18.8/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A70590&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 24 households, 45.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Of all households, 45.8% were married-couple households, 20.8% were cohabiting couple households, 20.8% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present, and 12.5% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. About 25.0% of households were non-families, while 12.5% of all households were made up of individuals and 4.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age was 37.3 years. The age distribution was 25.9% under 20, 8.6% from 20 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 29.3% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. In total, 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18 and 10.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.2% male and 44.8% female. For every 100 females there were 123.1 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 126.3 males.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the housing units, 0.0% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 54 || 93.1%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 1 || 1.7%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 3 || 5.2%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 1 || 1.7%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 51 people, 23 households, and 16 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|100.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|54.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 23 households, of which 17.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.4% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age in the city was 47.4 years. 11.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.6% were from 25 to 44; 39.1% were from 45 to 64; and 17.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 61 people, 27 households, and 18 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|119.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|54.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 4.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.92% of the population.

There were 27 households, out of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.4% under the age of 18, 16.4% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 34.4% from 45 to 64, and 4.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 134.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 155.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,667, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,028. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].
