=== Demographics ===
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 158
| 1920 = 183
| 1930 = 177
| 1940 = 138
| 1950 = 169
| 1960 = 94
| 1970 = 86
| 1980 = 70
| 1990 = 65
| 2000 = 52
| 2010 = 61
| 2020 = 37
| align = right
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=February 21, 2025}}</ref>
| align-fn = center
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Kent had a population of 37, with 13 households and 6 families.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A40710&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A40710&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 75.6 inhabitants per square mile (29.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 18 housing units at an average density of 36.8 per square mile (14.2/km<sup>2</sup>), of which 27.8% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A40710&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 13 households, 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living in them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married-couple households]], 15.4% were cohabitating couples, 23.1% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 15.4% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. About 53.8% of households were non-families, 38.5% were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age was 47.9 years. 29.7% of residents were under the age of 20, 0.0% were from 20 to 24, 8.1% were from 25 to 44, 48.6% were from 45 to 64, and 13.5% were 65 years of age or older. 24.3% of residents were under the age of 18. The gender makeup was 54.1% male and 45.9% female. For every 100 females there were 117.6 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 154.5 males.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/><ref name="Census2020DHC"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 37 || 100.0%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 52 people, 23 households, and 14 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|201.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 27 housing units at an average density of {{convert|104.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 23 households, out of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 39.1% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.64.

In the city the population was spread out, with 17.3% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 32.7% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 126.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,917, and the median income for a family was $22,188. Males had a median income of $23,125 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,529. There were 18.2% of families and 17.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.
