=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1930|83
|1940|117
|1950|100
|1960|104
|1970|69
|1980|65
|1990|37
|2000|38
|2010|43
|2020|34
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 34 people, 18 households, and 12 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A60555&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A60555&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A60555&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

The [[population density]] was 60.4 inhabitants per square mile (23.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 18 housing units at an average density of 32.0 per square mile (12.3/km<sup>2</sup>). Of those units, 0.0% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL"/>

Of the 18 households, 38.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married-couple households]], 11.1% were cohabiting-couple households, 22.2% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present, and 16.7% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. About 33.3% of households were non-families, 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age in the city was 47.0 years. Of residents, 20.6% were under the age of 18, 23.5% were under the age of 20, 2.9% were between the ages of 20 and 24, 17.6% were from 25 to 44, 29.4% were from 45 to 64, and 26.5% were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 30 || 88.2%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 4 || 11.8%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 2 || 5.9%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 43 people, 17 households, and 9 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|76.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 19 housing units at an average density of {{convert|33.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 9.3% from two or more races.

There were 17 households, of which 41.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.1% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.44.

The median age in the city was 35.3 years. 32.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.2% male and 55.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 38 people, 17 households, and 8 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|67.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 19 housing units at an average density of {{convert|33.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 17 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 47.1% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.1% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 31.6% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 137.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,417, and the median income for a family was $75,938. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,047. There were no families and 6.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 40.0% of those over 64.
