=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|232
|1920|179
|1930|165
|1940|134
|1950|144
|1960|86
|1970|87
|1980|96
|1990|53
|2000|40
|2010|36
|2020|33
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>}}
|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 33 people, 17 households, and 8 families residing in the community.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A54750&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A54750&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 104.8 inhabitants per square mile (40.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 20 housing units at an average density of 63.5 per square mile (24.5/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL"/>

The median age in the community was 54.5 years. 24.2% of residents were under the age of 20; 3.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 18.2% were from 25 and 44; 33.3% were from 45 and 64; and 21.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 54.5% male and 45.5% female. For every 100 females, there were 120.0 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.3 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A54750&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 17 households, 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.0% were cohabitating couples, 23.5% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present, and 29.4% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 52.9% of all households were non-families, 52.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the 20 housing units, 15.0% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 33 || 100.0%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 36 people, 16 households, and 10 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|90.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 20 housing units at an average density of {{convert|50.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 16 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.5% were non-families. 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.60.

The median age in the city was 47.5 years. 16.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 47.1% were from 45 to 64; and 8.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.6% male and 44.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 40 people, 16 households, and 11 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|100.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 22 housing units at an average density of {{convert|55.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.50% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 16 households, out of which 18.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 31.3% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.0% under the age of 18, 32.5% from 25 to 44, 35.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 128.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $27,188 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,072. There were no families and 3.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 100.0% of those over 64.
