==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2010= 92
|2020= 78
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 78 people, 35 households, and 29 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 182.8 inhabitants per square mile (70.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 35 housing units at an average density of 82.0 per square mile (31.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 100.0% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 0.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.0% of the population.

Of the 35 households, 42.9% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.0% were cohabitating couples, 37.1% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 14.3% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 17.1% of all households were non-families. 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 55.3 years. 17.9% of the residents were under the age of 20; 5.1% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 12.8% were from 25 and 44; 48.7% were from 45 and 64; and 15.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 43.6% male and 56.4% female.

