=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1920|272
|1930|153
|1940|209
|1950|106
|1960|87
|1970|109
|1980|111
|1990|75
|2000|58
|2010|70
|2020|59
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Plano had a population of 59 people, with 25 households and 16 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A63345&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 101.9 inhabitants per square mile (39.4/km<sup>2</sup>), and there were 38 housing units at an average density of 65.7 per square mile (25.3/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A63345&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A63345&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

The median age was 54.9 years. 20.3% of residents were under the age of 18, and 37.3% were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females, there were 103.4 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.8 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the 25 households, 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living in them. Of all households, 40.0% were married-couple households, 12.0% were cohabiting couple households, 16.0% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 32.0% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. About 36.0% of households were non-families, 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the 38 housing units, 34.2% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 4.3%, and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 52 || 88.1%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 1 || 1.7%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 3 || 5.1%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 2 || 3.4%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 1 || 1.7%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 3 || 5.1%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 70 people, 30 households, and 18 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|125.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|66.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.6% of the population.

There were 30 households, of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.0% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 39.5 years. 27.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.4% were from 25 to 44; 20% were from 45 to 64; and 28.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.9% male and 47.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 58 people, 29 households, and 20 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|102.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|70.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 5.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.72% of the population.

There were 29 households, out of which 17.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.40.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 12.1% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 15.5% from 25 to 44, 48.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,625, and the median income for a family was $33,125. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $27,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $22,474. There were 20.0% of families and 23.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 13.3% of those over 64.
