=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|154
|1920|158
|1930|167
|1940|184
|1950|160
|1960|163
|1970|115
|1980|103
|1990|95
|2000|75
|2010|68
|2020|72
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Turin had a population of 72, with 26 households and 20 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A79185&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A79185&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 801.9 inhabitants per square mile (309.6/km<sup>2</sup>). All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A79185&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

There were 26 households in Turin, of which 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living in them. Of all households, 65.4% were married-couple households, 7.7% were cohabitating couples, 23.1% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 3.8% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. About 23.1% of all households were non-families, 3.8% were made up of individuals, and 0.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 35 housing units at an average density of 389.8 per square mile (150.5/km<sup>2</sup>), of which 25.7% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 5.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 30.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL"/>

The median age in the city was 45.5 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18 and 26.4% were 65 years of age or older. 25.0% of residents were under the age of 20; 2.8% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; and 23.6% were from 45 to 64. For every 100 females there were 140.0 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 139.1 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 71 || 98.6%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 1 || 1.4%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 68 people, 33 households, and 19 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|755.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|422.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 33 households, of which 21.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.4% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.68.

The median age in the city was 52.5 years. 19.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.1% were from 25 to 44; 29.5% were from 45 to 64; and 29.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.4% male and 45.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 75 people, 34 households, and 24 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|892.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|464.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 34 households, out of which 20.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.5% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.52.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 18.7% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 30.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $21,875. Males had a median income of $24,792 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,094. There were 21.2% of families and 21.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 52.6% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.
