==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2010= 65
|2020= 37
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016|archive-date=February 28, 2022|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220228083025/https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}{{clear left}}
===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=October 24, 2024 |archive-date=October 9, 2024 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20241009151602/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |url-status=live }}</ref> there were 37 people, 16 households, and 11 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 112.5 inhabitants per square mile (43.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 20 housing units at an average density of 60.8 per square mile (23.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 97.3% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 2.7% of the population.

Of the 16 households, 18.8% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% were cohabitating couples, 6.2% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 25.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 31.2% of all households were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 48.2 years. 21.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 0.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 16.2% were from 25 and 44; 56.8% were from 45 and 64; and 5.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 59.5% male and 40.5% female.

