=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|109
|1890|142
|1900|196
|1910|323
|1920|340
|1930|334
|1940|270
|1950|233
|1960|204
|1970|176
|1980|185
|1990|153
|2000|132
|2010|114
|2020|74
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Nodaway had a population of 74, with 36 households and 19 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A56865&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A56865&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 110.6 inhabitants per square mile (42.7/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/> All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A56865&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 36 households, 11.1% had children under the age of 18 living in them. Of all households, 36.1% were married-couple households, 11.1% were cohabiting-couple households, 30.6% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 22.2% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. About 47.2% of households were non-families, 36.1% were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 49 housing units at an average density of 73.3 per square mile (28.3/km<sup>2</sup>), of which 26.5% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 3.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL"/>

The median age was 48.5 years. 24.3% of residents were under the age of 18, and 32.4% were 65 years of age or older. The age distribution was 24.3% under 20, 1.4% from 20 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 32.4% 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.7% male and 47.3% female. For every 100 females there were 111.4 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 115.4 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 69 || 93.2%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 1 || 1.4%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 1 || 1.4%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 3 || 4.1%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 1 || 1.4%
|}

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 114 people in 47 households, including 31 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|211.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|114.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 98.2% White and 1.8% from two or more races.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref>

Of the 47 households 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.0% were non-families. 29.8% of households were one person and 10.6% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age was 39 years. 27.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 29% were from 45 to 64; and 18.4% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 132 people in 58 households, including 38 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|254.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 70 housing units at an average density of {{convert|134.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 100.00% White.

Of the 58 households 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.9% were married couples living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.8% were non-families. 29.3% of households were one person and 22.4% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.77.

Age spread:  22.0% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 18.2% from 25 to 44, 31.8% from 45 to 64, and 22.7% 65 or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.3 males.

The median household income was $34,375 and the median family income  was $34,792. Males had a median income of $31,750 versus $21,667 for females. The per capita income for the city was $16,722. There were 8.9% of families and 11.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 26.1% of under eighteens and 12.5% of those over 64.
