=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= 
|1910|220
|1920|173
|1930|121
|1940|159
|1950|133
|1960|153
|1970|131
|1980|125
|1990|71
|2000|70
|2010|60
|2020|53
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Knierim had a population of 53 people, with 23 households and 11 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A41790&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 53.3 inhabitants per square mile (20.6/km<sup>2</sup>), and there were 28 housing units at an average density of 28.1 per square mile (10.9/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age was 44.5 years. 30.2% of residents were under the age of 20, 0.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24, 20.8% were from 25 to 44, 30.2% were from 45 to 64, and 18.9% were 65 years of age or older. 30.2% of residents were under the age of 18. The gender makeup of the city was 56.6% male and 43.4% female. For every 100 females, there were 130.4 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 164.3 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A41790&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 23 households, 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them. 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.0% were cohabitating couples, 39.1% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 17.4% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. 52.2% of households were non-families, 52.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 28 housing units, of which 17.9% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 4.5% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A41790&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 53 || 100.0%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 60 people, 25 households, and 17 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|59.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|27.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.0% of the population.

There were 25 households, of which 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.0% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the city was 37.5 years. 31.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.3% were from 25 to 44; 23.4% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.3% male and 46.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 70 people, 34 households, and 19 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|69.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|34.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 34 households, out of which 17.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.1% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.68.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.0% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 25.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,667, and the median income for a family was $41,528. Males had a median income of $19,500 versus $28,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,280. There were no families and 11.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.
