=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|183
|1920|235
|1930|184
|1940|220
|1950|144
|1960|162
|1970|140
|1980|122
|1990|102
|2000|90
|2010|71
|2020|68
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Varina had a population of 68, with 34 households and 19 families. The median age was 38.0 years; 29.4% of residents were under the age of 18, 33.8% were under the age of 20, 2.9% were from 20 to 24, 20.6% were from 25 to 44, 25.0% were from 45 to 64, and 17.6% were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 92.0 males age 18 and over; the gender makeup was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A80535&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A80535&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A80535&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

There were 34 households, of which 44.1% had children under the age of 18 living in them. Of all households, 32.4% were married-couple households, 11.8% were cohabiting-couple households, 29.4% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 26.5% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. About 44.1% of households were non-families, 35.3% were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 38 housing units, of which 10.5% were vacant. The [[population density]] was 308.3 inhabitants per square mile (119.0/km<sup>2</sup>), and there were 172.3 housing units per square mile (66.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 52 || 76.5%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 9 || 13.2%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 7 || 10.3%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 12 || 17.6%
|}

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 71 people in 30 households, including 17 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|263.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|129.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 97.2% White and 2.8% African American. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.0%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref>

Of the 30 households 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.3% were non-families. 43.3% of households were one person and 20% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.35.

The median age was 35.5 years. 36.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.7% were from 25 to 44; 22.4% were from 45 to 64; and 21.1% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.5% male and 46.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 90 people in 36 households, including 25 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|364.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|178.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 100.00% White.

Of the 36 households 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were married couples living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.8% were non-families. 22.2% of households were one person and 11.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.85.

The age distribution was 23.3% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 23.3% 65 or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 122.6 males.

The median household income was $35,469 and the median family income  was $35,156. Males had a median income of $24,688 versus $18,750 for females. The per capita income for the city was $13,611. There were 9.7% of families and 12.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 47.4% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.
