=== Demographics ===
{{US Census population
|1930= 85
|1940= 95
|1950= 112
|1960= 102
|1970= 91
|1980= 72
|1990= 68
|2000= 58
|2010= 70
|2020= 49
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>
| align = right
| align-fn = center
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Rossie had a population of 49, with 22 households and 18 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A68925&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 339.1 inhabitants per square mile (130.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 27 housing units at an average density of 186.9 per square mile (72.1/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A68925&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 22 households, 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living in them. Of all households, 68.2% were married-couple households, 4.5% were cohabitating-couple households, 18.2% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present, and 9.1% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present. About 18.2% of all households were non-families, 18.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age was 42.3 years. 30.6% of residents were under the age of 20; 2.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 20.4% were from 25 to 44; 30.6% were from 45 to 64; and 16.3% were 65 years of age or older. 28.6% of residents were under the age of 18. The gender makeup of the city was 59.2% male and 40.8% female. For every 100 females there were 145.0 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 133.3 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of the 27 housing units, 18.5% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A68925&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 46 || 93.9%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 3 || 6.1%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 70 people, 26 households, and 20 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|466.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|193.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.7% of the population.

There were 26 households, of which 38.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 15.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.1% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 35.5 years. 30% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 32.9% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 4.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.9% male and 47.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 58 people, 22 households, and 15 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|385.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|172.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 22 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 27.3% were non-families. 22.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.3% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 36.2% from 25 to 44, 27.6% from 45 to 64, and 3.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,833, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $29,219 versus $11,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,266. There were 11.1% of families and 9.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.
