=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1920|163
|1930|138
|1940|185
|1950|158
|1960|156
|1970|151
|1980|154
|1990|116
|2000|128
|2010|125
|2020|81
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=http://factfinder.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=American FactFinder|access-date=2020-03-29|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212063637/http://factfinder.census.gov/|archive-date=2020-02-12|url-status=dead}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 81 people, 35 households, and 30 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A74955&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A74955&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 398.8 inhabitants per square mile (154.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 41 housing units at an average density of 201.9 per square mile (77.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The median age was 50.8 years. 16.0% of residents were under the age of 18. 17.3% of residents were under the age of 20; 2.5% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 34.6% were from 45 to 64; and 23.5% were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females there were 97.6 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 94.3 males age 18 and over. The gender makeup of the city was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A74955&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

There were 35 households, of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Of all households, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% were cohabitating couples, 31.4% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present, and 11.4% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. Non-families made up 14.3% of households. Of all households, 11.4% were made up of individuals, and 5.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 41 housing units, of which 14.6% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 75 || 92.6%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 6 || 7.4%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 3 || 3.7%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="FactFinder">{{cite web|title=American FactFinder|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212234628/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-12|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 125 people, 43 households, and 34 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|520.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|204.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 7.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 43 households, of which 39.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 20.9% were non-families. 16.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.91 and the average family size was 3.29.

The median age in the city was 34.3 years. 34.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 20% were from 45 to 64; and 16.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.4% male and 53.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=http://factfinder.census.gov|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212221153/http://factfinder.census.gov/main.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-12|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=American FactFinder}}</ref> of 2000, there were 128 people, 42 households, and 34 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|532.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|208.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 3.91% from two or more races.

There were 42 households, out of which 47.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.0% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.05 and the average family size was 3.41.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 38.3% under the age of 18, 2.3% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 10.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,313, and the median income for a family was $31,563. Males had a median income of $27,917 versus $11,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,631. There were 17.1% of families and 22.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 35.2% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.
