=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1860|75
|1870|266
|1880|340
|1890|348
|1900|322
|1910|319
|1920|234
|1930|149
|1940|203
|1950|165
|1960|113
|1970|91
|1980|84
|1990|65
|2000|54
|2010|66
|2020|44
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], Marysville had a population of 44 people, with 11 households and 9 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A50070&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A50070&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 81.7 inhabitants per square mile (31.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 20 housing units at an average density of 37.1 per square mile (14.3/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age in the city was 48.0 years. 31.8% of residents were under the age of 18, 2.3% were between the ages of 20 and 24, 9.1% were from 25 to 44, 45.5% were from 45 to 64, and 9.1% were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females there were 109.5 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 130.8 males age 18 and over. The gender makeup of the city was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

There were 11 households, of which 18.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Of all households, 63.6% were married-couple households, 18.2% were cohabiting couple households, 9.1% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present, and 9.1% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. Non-families made up 18.2% of households. About 0.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 0.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas. Of the 20 housing units, 45.0% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 6.7% and the rental vacancy rate was 100.0%.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A50070&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 2, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020DP"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 43 || 97.7%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 1 || 2.3%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 0 || 0.0%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 66 people, 23 households, and 21 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|178.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|78.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 6.1% from two or more races.

There were 23 households, of which 39.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 82.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 8.7% were non-families. 8.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.87 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the city was 37.3 years. 30.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.7% were from 25 to 44; 24.2% were from 45 to 64; and 10.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 54 people, 21 households, and 17 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|148.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 23 housing units at an average density of {{convert|63.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 5.56% from two or more races.

There were 21 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.0% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 31.5% from 25 to 44, 27.8% from 45 to 64, and 5.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 134.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 129.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $43,750, and the median income for a family was $53,750. Males had a median income of $34,375 versus $29,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,135. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].
