==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2010= 85
|2020= 74
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 74 people, 30 households, and 19 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 160.7 inhabitants per square mile (62.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 30 housing units at an average density of 65.1 per square mile (25.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 100.0% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 0.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.0% of the population.

Of the 30 households, 10.0% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.0% were cohabitating couples, 16.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 20.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 36.7% of all households were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 45.0 years. 23.0% of the residents were under the age of 20; 2.7% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 and 44; 24.3% were from 45 and 64; and 25.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 39.2% male and 60.8% female.

===2020 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]],<ref name="GR6">{{cite web|url=http://www.naco.org/Counties/Pages/FindACounty.aspx |accessdate=2011-06-07 |title=Find a County |publisher=National Association of Counties |url-status=dead |archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20110531210815/http://www.naco.org/Counties/Pages/FindACounty.aspx |archivedate=2011-05-31 }}</ref> there were 85 people, 32 households, and 26 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|184.38|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|73.75|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.18% from two or more races. Of the total population, 4.7% were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

