==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|1910|143
|1920|167
|1930|177
|1940|121
|1950|113
|1960|108
|1970|94
|1980|83
|1990|70
|2000|70
|2010|63
|2020|63
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 63 people, 31 households, and 19 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 112.0 inhabitants per square mile (43.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 32 housing units at an average density of 56.9 per square mile (22.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 95.2% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 1.6% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 1.6% from other races and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.6% of the population.

Of the 31 households, 35.5% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% were cohabitating couples, 29.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 16.1% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 38.7% of all households were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 48.9 years. 11.1% of the residents were under the age of 20; 11.1% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 19.0% were from 25 and 44; 30.2% were from 45 and 64; and 28.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 63 people, 27 households, and 18 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|350.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|177.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 27 households, of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the town was 43.8 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 19.1% were from 45 to 64; and 28.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.4% male and 47.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 70 people, 29 households, and 20 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|379.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|184.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.86% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.29% of the population.

There were 29 households, out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 32.9% from 45 to 64, and 8.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 118.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 127.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $16,458 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,727. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

