=== Demographics ===
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1930|117
|1940|119
|1950|157
|1960|124
|1970|123
|1980|94
|1990|85
|2000|88
|2010|115
|2020|96
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 96 people, 40 households, and 27 families residing in the city.<ref name="Census2020DP">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic Profile (DP1)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dp?get=NAME,DP1_0021P,DP1_0024P,DP1_0025C,DP1_0049C,DP1_0045C,DP1_0069C,DP1_0073C,DP1_0125P,DP1_0126P,DP1_0129P,DP1_0133P,DP1_0137P,DP1_0138P,DP1_0139P,DP1_0141P,DP1_0142P,DP1_0143P,DP1_0145P,DP1_0146P,DP1_0147C,DP1_0148C,DP1_0149C,DP1_0156C,DP1_0157C,DP1_0158C,DP1_0159P,DP1_0160P&for=place%3A54030&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="Census2020PL">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=NAME,P1_001N,P1_003N,P1_004N,P1_005N,P1_006N,P1_007N,P1_008N,P1_009N,P2_001N,P2_002N,H1_001N,H1_002N&for=place%3A54030&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2021|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 1,121.2 inhabitants per square mile (432.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 47 housing units at an average density of 548.9 per square mile (211.9/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

All residents lived in rural areas.<ref name="Census2020DHC">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census Demographic and Housing Characteristics (DHC)|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/dhc?get=NAME,P2_002N,P2_003N&for=place%3A54030&in=state%3A19|website=United States Census Bureau|year=2023|access-date=May 1, 2026|df=mdy}}</ref>

Of the 40 households, 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Of all households, 25.0% were married-couple households, 15.0% were cohabitating-couple households, 37.5% were households with a female householder and no spouse or partner present, and 22.5% were households with a male householder and no spouse or partner present. About 32.5% of households were non-families; 27.5% were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

Of these housing units, 14.9% were vacant. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% and the rental vacancy rate was 0.0%.<ref name="Census2020DP"/>

The median age was 32.0 years. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 18, and 11.5% were 65 years of age or older. 30.2% of residents were under the age of 20; 10.4% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 25.0% were from 25 to 44; and 22.9% were from 45 to 64. The gender makeup of the city was 45.8% male and 54.2% female. For every 100 females there were 84.6 males, and for every 100 females age 18 and over there were 82.9 males age 18 and over.<ref name="Census2020DP"/><ref name="Census2020PL"/>

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial composition as of the 2020 census<ref name="Census2020PL"/>
! Race !! Number !! Percent
|-
| [[White Americans|White]] || 87 || 90.6%
|-
| [[African Americans|Black or African American]] || 1 || 1.0%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| Some other race || 0 || 0.0%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races]] || 8 || 8.3%
|-
| ''[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race)'' || 2 || 2.1%
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 115 people, 44 households, and 30 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1277.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|566.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 44 households, of which 38.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 15.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.8% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the city was 40.5 years. 30.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.4% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 15.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.9% male and 46.1% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 88 people, 43 households and 19 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|882.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|471.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.14% from two or more races.

There were 43 households, of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 55.8% were non-families. 46.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 3.05.

25.0% of the population were under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 35.2% from 25 to 44, 15.9% from 45 to 64, and 20.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 125.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 135.7 males.

The [[median household income]] was $44,375 and the median family income was $52,500. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $19,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $22,167. There were no families and 4.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 18.2% of those over 64.
